Bringing Hearts Together

Reality
knocks on my window.
I
open a little crack.
“I
just came to see you are not in a Dream state”, she says.
I
open her the door. “Come in”, I invite her with a smile.
“I
sit here with a Dream. Sit, have a cup of tea with us.”
So
I invite her to come in and meet the Dream.
“I
am not so certain...”, she hesitates.
“The
Dream always runs away from me when I come inside.”
I
feel the caution, the hesitation.
“Do
not worry”, I calm her.
“Dear
Dream, when the Reality comes in, stay seated with us to have a
drink.”
The
Dream does not reply and stays seated in his chair and looks at
me with an embarrassed smile.
“See?!”,
Reality says, “he’s afraid I would come in.”
Still
more than one leg out, Reality starts to come closer.
“Come,
come on in, you have nothing to worry”, I repeat safely, and
the Dream, still seated with his embarrassed smile on the corner chair.
Reality
walks in one step after the other. Head peeps first, she
hesitates. Eyes scanning the room. A neck curls after the head
followed by broad shoulders. Half a body inside.
“It
feels very warm here”, she begins to feel comfortable. The Dream
gets up from the chair and take some distance.
“You
have nothing to be afraid, dear Dream, Reality does not bite”, I
wink at him and put a caressing hand on his shoulder.
I
feel his heartbeats, one drop of sweat makes its way from the armpit
along the side of the body down to the thigh.
Hesitating
Reality and embarrassed Dream. Half body inside, head
turns back.
The
lightened room invites them both and I try to talk to their hearts.
Bringing hearts together so to speak.

The
Dream sits again in his chair. The rhythm of the breath which
grew stronger as Reality walked in the room, is settling down.
I
invite Reality to come in with no worry. We all know each other here.
Reality
moves a pelvis inside and one thigh leads a leg, leads a thigh,
leads a second leg. A foot steps inside the room. Another foot steps
on the blue red carpet laying on the floor. One can not hear those
footsteps. Reality walks slowly in. The Dream feels the slow rhythm
and makes himself more comfortable in his chair.
I
sit down on the chair by the side of the Dream. Hold the tea pot and
pour from the steaming tea into 3 cups. The Dream cup, covered light
blue sky colors, gentle porcelain. The Reality cup, red fire, thick mug.
The steam from the tea rises up.
The
sound of the pouring tea into the cup, makes me smile. I have
always felt abundance at that sound.
I
pour myself half a cup, small, shining white cup. I sigh slightly and
listen again to the sound of the pouring tea into the cup.
The
Dream drinks from the tea, glances embarrassed at me, then at
the Reality, lowers his eyes and looks at us again.
The
Reality in the other side of the table is already seated, upright
back, holds firmly the cup. I can notice though a small shiver in her
hand. As if some crack begins to heal.
The
three of us drink from the tea. Small white mint. My favourite. It is
the first time that Reality and Dream are exposed to this taste. First
time they are sitting with each other around the table. And me in
between.
They
look now at each other and speak the body language, no words,
learning one another.
A
strange feeling of longtime acquaintance comes up. Tears are
coming in the eyes of the Reality along with a light laughter from her
throat.
I notice a tear collected in the eye of the Dream. He is
emotional. One tear already makes its way down the cheek.
I
feel compassion and love towards myself. I hold Reality with a soft
hand. Reach out a hand for the Dream.
I
take my clothes off and make my way into bed.
Tender tiredness, “I go to sleep”, I say. “You can stay here and finish
the cup of tea.”