from IT to Guruji and Mataji






























all rights and obligations

Bye Bye
Ido Not Know 16:29
12-September-2019 Varanasi, India




This is the second book wrITten by Ido Not Know.
Now the handmade paper is made out of 100% recycled matter of a sort.
The somewhat-short platform will be of use by us in the short journey in which most likely I will describe very partly in a way some kind of a journey that began wITh my birth and up to the present moment
before I begin the 16 days ceremony (Peter Paksh) for my father -
Ido "Not Know" Ginton.

This book I recommend you read wITh a pinch of belief.

A pinch of belief in me
A generous amount of belief in yourselves.

Already have we passed one page and a main headline and IT might have taken you about thirty seconds to read.
Perhaps even twenty seconds.
But in this journey there is no need to hurry. There is no goal here to begin the reading and there is no goal here to end the story.
The story does not begin wITh the first letter of the book and does not end wITh the last letter or the period mark.

My stories I tell you at many times in order to help you get lost
in the jungle of consciousness of our world. In order to allow yourselves to get lost you first need a certain direction in your life.
Most chances are that there is a direction which seems to you that guides you and most chances are that this direction, albeIT IT seems to provide some sort of an illusory securITy, does not answer an essential need in your life. Perhaps.
And perhaps not.

I don't know and never have I known.

You can close the book already now if that is not your time to get lost.
You are allowed also to continue reading even if you are not ready to get lost and release a tiny bIT of the life in which
you believe.
The life in which you believe is "Your Life".

Perhaps you may discover reading the book the secret buried in every single letter and see the big joke of our lives, which is comprised from a connection of points to shapes and to words and to sentences and creates among the rest beliefs.
If you are not laughing from this joke - You are not laughing from this joke.
If you are laughing from this joke - You are laughing from this joke.

All that was needed in the sentences above was to subtract one word only.
One word and the meaning changed.


To me that is most amusing and IT seems from my meetings wITh most human beings, that the joke of the language, the words, the letters, is not at all understandable and causes a tremendous malfunctioning that is based of the recipe -
"To take Life seriously".

I have heard this mantra many a times in my life, or to be more precise ITs opposITion - "You are not taking your life seriously".
I permIT myself saying, that the opposITe is true. I take life so seriously that IT only remains to see them as one big joke, an illusion, and the play of life, as Leela if you wish.

Perhaps up to this point IT took you a minute and a half to read.

Can you now dedicate a minute and a half of your time to stop?
Simply stop and observe.

As a guideline I shall offer you to observe what your body is telling you and what your mind is telling you.

First, your body provides you sensations, and second, your mind connects on top of that sounds to words.

That is all - A minute and a half, 90 seconds. Why do so? I don't know.
Did you turn the page?
Did you observe for a minute and a half? Did you prefer observing for 90 seconds? All I could share wITh you while you are passing so professionally from letter to letter, skipping form word to word, crossing
sentence after sentence, drinking paragraph after paragraph, ending page after page, all I can do is repeat and ask -
Were you aware during this time to the happening in your body?
Were you aware of the stories of the mind while reading?
Are you now aware of the body?

Are you now aware of the transcripts of the mind?

For if not, the only mathematical equation I can deduct is that you are asleep.
IT is not at all good and IT is not at all bad. I have experienced in my life and still experiencing tasty sleeps and terrifying awakenings.
However, the experience of being awaken to the tasty sleep and being awaken to the terrifying awakening -
that is a reward I have not been prepared truly to receive in the play called - "Wheel of Life", or if you like,
"Wheel of Fortune".

I may share wITh you the different tools at my disposal between IT and Guruji and Mataji.
And I may not.
I don't know. In the meantime...

And I will discover like you what the ink is

interested in wrITing through the pen or what the pen allows the ink to smear. You. And me. Now wITh the wrITten language.

In my talks I also address the spoken language, yet not now.
Now, as preface's time is nearing ITs end, this I believe, feel and guess, in which there past along wITh 90 seconds (or the minute and a half) observation perhaps about four minutes.

Perhaps your life has past over two, three, four, six or more decades.
Perhaps, and again I return to "Pareto's law" which I have stated in my previous book, the relation of 80-20 between sleeping and awakening leaned so far towards the threshold of sleep.

Maybe now arrives the time to awaken.

These were all in all four minutes and perhaps more (or less).

I cannot guarantee a thing and never could I. I can only message you that awakening while we are alive -
That is something-something, great-great.

This page is dedicated
To the memory of the days that passed in the Ganges
in the Jordan or the Yarkon
in the chapter of time
That has passed until you have arrived reading this page.

And if you ask - "Have you lost IT?"
I shall answer, "Aha, yes". (Perhaps).
Is IT your time to lose "IT"?

Chapter 1 When the Name was given

My name I had received after I had already gone on the way.
I believe that IT is so wITh you as well. Thus IT has been and thus will be.
The identITy crisis begins actually wITh receiving our name from our parents.

This is the voice I heard this morning. That is all.

I remind you about the present journey among points, letters, words, sentences and paragraphs.
I remind you about the possibilITy to get lost in the jungle of consciousness.
Fear, in a certain aspect, is comprised out of four letters.

This page is dedicated

To whom you believed you were To whom you believe you will be.

May their memory be blessed and casted in whom you always are.

He has been waITing for you forever.

Chapter 2 This is how I was called

Have you paid attention how so easily chapters in our lives pass?
Have you paid attention to the shapes and the sounds from which your life has come into being?

Since I have been given a name and along the different time chapters I have been nick named and defined wITh different nicknames and definITions I shall describe here several of them on the timeline
"From IT to Guruji and Mataji".

The timeline in the memory began before the IT chapter in my life.

Different names and tITles have I received.
Starting from Yaniv Ginton and going through Kibutznik and moving on to a Footballer and up to Winnie Pooh.
There were The Brother Of and The Son Of,

and The Smart and The Innocent.
Added to them The Good Boy and The Owner of the Azure Eyes coming
"Be careful that the colour will not wash away from your eyes".
There came along also the Israeli nickname and the Jobnick and
"Your life is honey so we will not add sugar to your tea".
All these have been accumulated in my head together wITh many more sounds and shapes before there were added sounds and shapes of the IT world corner of High Tech.

Is there a reason I have told you all that? Have you passed by the shapes in the blink of an eye?
My names and descriptions have never been important. Never.

Were you present to yourselves while reading these meaningless shapes?
Is the qualITy of this presence clear to you?

"To Me" IT is clear and inasmuch Pheadrus through Robert Pirsig in "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance", or Robert Pirsig through Pheadrus, tried to describe "The QualITy", IT is clear to me that these are only shapes (in the spoken language) and only sounds (in the wrITten language).
I meant the other way around. Other way around, Guteh.

Thus IT was and thus IT shall be.
And perhaps the name will continue to be blessed.
The IT world prior to Guruji and Mataji added to my names also The Hightechist and the Software Consultant, so as the Senior Software Consultant and a short attempt to add a tITle of a Technical Team Manager (or something alike).
There were also a tITle "The One who earned 10,000 Shekels a month and received a new car at the age of 23" and more names I have not requested yet received.

More and more and more.

Is the qualITy of The Presence beginning to clarify ITself in your life? And now?
Do you try to understand? Do you identify? Detach?

Completely rhetorical questions and the sensation continues to rise and fall in your body,
and the mind continues to create ITs own sounds.

A place to mark Stop Date:


Here is the time to stop.
Stop and put aside the book. Let IT be for at least one week.
This is the time after that to read from the beginning.
From the beginning of your life, from the beginning of your memory, and only then continue.

Is IT so?
Ready for the way?

Chapter 3 Time to continue?

Did you put aside the book for a week? Did you continue reading straight away? Did you listen to me? Did you listen to yourselves?
Did our paths separate for a certain timeframe?
Did you respond to my suggestion while listening to yourselves?
Did you respond to my suggestion while refraining from listening to yourselves?
Are you at all aware who are you listening to when you are listening to yourselves?
Do you believe that you have the possibilITy to listen to yourselves?
Is "I-myself" at all matters for you? Materialises for you? Constantly?
Again rhetorical questions. Or barometrical questions. Time to continue?

Place to mark continuation date:

Chapter 4
Continue of Shem after Noah

Our lives we waste giving names and tITles, identITies and nicknames.
The time is precious yet costs not a worn out dime only you are wasting your precious time in vain.

And how shall I know that your time in vain is being wasted? I shall not know.

But your request is to ask my name and to answer wITh your name, to reply your identITy which does not request your name and does not acknowledge at all your name. At all.
That is the be-all and end-all.

That is IT. IdentITy is not in name.

Chapter 5 The name continues to roll on

6 years I had been working in "Matrix IT" company.
2006 - 2012.
I was exposed to the yoga world and a bIT more to the music while trying and mistaking in the material world and a salary that increases from time to time and a new car from work every several years.

"Welcome to the golden cage" -
The wish I received from an acquaintance from the Kibbutz.

There is no escape from treading our path same as
There is no escape from receiving our names from our parents.
There is no escape.
There is nothing to run away from, not from this and not from that -
No choice in our world and if you see differently, IT is because you see.
Differently.

I will continue telling you that I did not choose my name as well as I did not choose my life and do not wrITe here my words.
I watch all this happening.
The name continues to unravel ITself to me as well as all my life, each and each moment, and I do not dedicate to that too much thought even if the thought tries to dedicate me for that and even to sacrifice me for that. To sacrifice watching this rolling movie, watching wITh no watch. No expectations.

Do you understand the message? Yes or no, IT matters not.
I do not wrITe for you nor do I wrITe for me. I wrITe because the time has arrived.
Time has arrived to watch the pen smearing the ink and watch how the mind interprets every ink smear crystallizes into shapes (=letters) from points woven in such a speed on the recycled paper.

This book and all ITs words you have already read, already received, wITh each and each

letter that I wrITe.

We have a barrier in understating the misunderstood, the hidden from the senses, and especially from the understanding limIT which has made us on one hand wise and on the other blind.

We tread as sharp wise blind in our world and our intellect is sharpening the consciousness as much as IT is injuring us and refusing to allow us to see beyond the visible, to sense beyond the sensible.
For already several years I have been distancing from my name in an unpredictable way -
"What is your name?", I was being asked (and still).
"I don't know", I would answer (and still).

That same intellect (logical mind) did not understand what is the meaning of this answer, for IT knows that my name is Yaniv or Yaniv Ginton.


This experience which I have experienced (and still am) I cannot explain. IT will be of no use for you.

Like many others you will try to understand IT instead of experiencing or experimenting and discovering what is happening in your consciousness and what is being revealed in front of your eyes from not knowing.
Your real name will begin revealing ITself to you.

The name all the people together give you, all the people on your path in life -
That is the name, and not.

Here starts the real High-Tech.
The truly high technology springs from the depth of not knowing.

All the High-Tech which exists in our external world has got nothing to do wITh the truly high technology.

Also the Information Technology, IT, that as well does not contain the technological information that exists in each and every one.
We live in a world full of illusions, full of deceptions and full of distractions.
One day or one moment perhaps IT will be your serendipITy to discover that.
For then you will find out that earning 10,000 euros in 3 weeks or even 1,000,000 Shekels a year or being Prime Minister or President of the UnITed States, all this is nothing comparing to the real technology which is wIThin us.
Are your understanding wheels still getting you stuck from driving smooth?

Is IT time to say goodbye to the understanding delusion in which you dwell?

Is IT time to go out on a journey to understand the core of yourself and discover your true name?

There are no journey guarantees and there shall be none.

Chapter 6
IT is on the way

The story will not be interesting if you will not see that this is only a story.
And that is all the matter.

Indeed, perhaps you will compare my story and a story alike, between my story and your story, and IT matters not.
The story simply happened for ITself to me and I turned out to wITness, to be awaken and present to IT.

For most men the story happens but evades their eyes and that is all the difference.
Guruji, Kailash Nishad, I met in May 2012 on my first trip to India.

Can you again pause now?
Do you pay attention to your wheels of consciousness and compare between this detail or the other?
Do you see that in your life?


IT has no meaning if the details simply pass against your eyes and you do not see the story of your life.

No use carrying on reading the rest of the story.
No use carrying on reading the rest of the story, for IT is just a story, like your life, like every moment in your life.

The only difference is that IT happened for me and I could see IT, watch IT.

Again, that is all.

From IT to Guruji and Mataji, and I have still not met Mataji in this chronological story.

I do not wrITe now to fascinate you into my journey.
I do not wrITe now to connect you to my spirITual Indian parents.

I do not wrITe now to move you out of your IT chair in which you are seated.
I simply wrITe -
Like my life that are wrITten, like your life that are wrITten,
and invITe you to go out on a journey from moment to moment
and the watching of your wrITten life.

Not only in a 10 days Vipassana course.
Not only in a 90 minutes Yoga class in that studio or the other.
Not only in a trip to India.

Not only "by the way".
"IT" is by the way. All the time. All the time.

Most human beings I have met are imprisoned in the limITation of life's happening and the noise their mind is interpreting from life's experience.
IT has always been simple, and IT will always be simple.

Guruji I have met in 2012 after I quIT from "Matrix IT" and bought a ticket to India, for half a year, or for 6 months, how you would like to count that.

Back then I did not know that he awaITs me wITh his Tabla in a small room in Bhagsu (Dharamsala), and that I will need to go through the Giardia virus and prior to that 10 Vipassana days and a meeting wITh Victor the Mexican who played on an electric guITar wITh no amplifier -
"Saturday night in San Francisco"
by Al Di Meola and John McLaughlin on a bench watching over the valley and took me to Bhagsu.

5 KM walking after 10 days I have not moved from the room except the toilet and eating curd in the restaurant above the room.
10 days of a typical India experience and then 5 KM wITh special powers to meet that same Tabla player in Bhagsu, 5 KM of walking, because fate decides in such

moments.

This is just a story, don't forget, and IT is "my" story, and "I" watch IT and that is all the difference.

Do you watch your movie? Do you see the subtITles?
Each and each moment you are given an opportunITy.

How many moments in one day of yours? I don't know.

Chapter 7
The Great Craziness

There were before me and there will be after me.
Then what is the difference?
What brings you to read my words here? What brings me to wrITe you here a story that many of you already know?
I don't know.

In 2015 part of me entered a process which is called a crisis and some might even say an emotional and a mental one, and some might even rate IT on this scale or the other.

I was becoming a father.
To add one more adjective as a name to the sack of names.

In July 2015 I bumped into Human Design and my journey continued towards the unknown.

The stomach turned back again to be my inner decision maker.
My internal Guru.

In October 2015 I hired in Rishikesh, India, a floor, two bedrooms, a kITchen, and I invITed Guruji to assist in my process.

A whole month he was wITh me in Rishikesh, taking out DNA leftovers from my genome wITh silken gloves.
Another month I was wITh him and his wife, Mataji, in Varanasi.

Two months of cleansing emotional and mental wild weeds which successfully sapped layers of energy from me for several years.
Guru, the one that dispels darkness. Very simple.
No suITes and no cloaks, no yoga nor medITation, no tITles and no crowns.

I had the luck -
being in the right place, at the right time, wITh the right forces -
In order to get out the coma and awaken. I did not receive from them a new name.
I was still called, and still am, by them - Yaniv-ji.
But I received a new possibilITy. To watch my life.

Indeed, Human Design plays an integral part - an Inner Guru.
But we are living life in a Human fabric of meetings one wITh the other.
The art of listening I have learnt to skilfully improve through Guruji and Mataji.
The art of WaITing and Observing.

Indeed, Vipassana was already there so as Yoga.

But there are people that as if arrive wITh a sickle from past times and know to bend down towards us and weed out the wild weeds in our life.
My daughter was born on February 2016.
I have seen her for the first time on February 2019.
On my 35th birthday, her 3rd birthday.

On September 2016 my father was killed in a motorbike accident being nearly 66.

That is just another story.
These are merely sounds and shapes which are gathered,
and experiences into moments.
All are gathered inside my memory. You are all gathered inside my memory.
You are all receiving the same layer of being in my life as anyone else in my life -
Mother, father, guru, the daughter, the girlfriend, the brother, the guest, the runaway, the laughing and the happy.

Even if for one moment you will be able to experience that
among the woven shapes in this book,
in this story, the work of all the characters is done.

Chapter 8
The ceremony is over

Are you still here? Am I still here?
Then morning to us or good time to us wherever we shall be.

If you are looking for logic or rational you can count until the number of the chapters existing now.
There, in the meantime, we maintain together a fluent chronological order.

Plenty of logic exists also in every wrITten word so far and is taken or noted in the English language dictionary.

No one will solve for you the riddle of your life, but there will be people that will smile towards you and there will be people waITing for you.
"The bridge of the waITing and the smiling ones".

So you are still here in this time? The ceremony is over.

Three years of waITing to see my daughter for the first time.
Three years of waITing to do the soul moksha (release) ceremony for my father, Ido Ginton, and his forefathers and foremothers, and more sides in the family genealogical tree.

16 days ceremony in Varanasi, India, wITh Guruji and Mataji has reached ITs end.

From IT to Guruji and Mataji. The ceremony is over.
If I did not "understand" the ceremony yet found myself doing IT and following ITs order, how can I explain to you my life and your life and our life? I don't know.

Yet the ceremony is over.

Very soon a gate is closed on the rational

logical era.
This is the time to get lost in the jungle of consciousness in a totally conscious way.

There I might help you, perhaps I will be a lITtle pocket flashlight for you.

The ceremony is over.

"Forget your logicalITies and fly on your crazycalITies",
wrote my father.
"Oh sweet Genie, carry me beyond mountains' ridges. Perhaps I shall find what my soul yearned for.",
he added and wrote.

The ceremony is over dear father,
Your time to find where your soul yearned.
We reach an age that our gentle soul yearns for some time.
You are required to get completely lost and forget your logicalITies and discover what is this crazycalITy of yours, that leads you your

way, your logicalITy-crazycalITy way, and no one else's, no your mother, not your father, not your guru, not your religion, not your culture.

From IT to Guruji and Mataji so that all this will die and get carried away in the Ganges river.
There is none but Him. He abodes wIThin you.
Always aboded and always waITed.

The ceremony is over.
You are only remained to look inside. Oh sweet Genie.

Hair and beard that were shed and shaved. Torrential rain that washed all past memory.

Walking in crazycalITy among thousands and thousands of Indians, Indian men, on the date
-
28-September-2019.

Why? I don't know.
And there will be those trying to tell and to describe and to explain.
There are. And I am not.

The torrential rain, the Indian Vedic priest, Mataji and Gurji, and Sweet Genie observing.
Seven leaves, seven clay cups, honey and apples, bananas, and thousands of men and millions of raindrops and indistinct prayers in the air, because IT is.

Oh sweet Genie, the ceremony is over.
Dipping in torrential rain in Ganges river, back and forth, and people are doing that for me, for you, for us.

All is filthy and dirty, and pure and clean, and phoney and honest, and humane and natural, and expensive and cheap.

All is thrown on the floor and washed in the river.

All the moralITy and all the worry, all the pain and all the happiness.
Observation, oh precious Genie. This is only one more story out of
A thousand and one nights stories. (Elef
Sipurey Leila veh'Leila - in Hebrew).

Leila, my daughter.
Three years I waITed for you and you came. Aba (Father), Ido that does not know,
Three years of waITing and the ceremony is over.

And that Is all.
"I have a chance to be rescued, I know." (Evyatar from the Banai family).
You have a chance to be rescued, I don't know.
That is around the corner, and always have been waITing for you.

Oh sweet Genie, the ceremony from logicalITy to crazycalITy is over, and nothing more.

Today is New year's Ha'Tash'at (?"????) - Pen is worn out.
The power of the pen Is not worn out. This evening another ceremony is coming.

Oh sweet Genie.



Chapter 9
From here and until there
IT represents one object.
Guruji and Mataji represent a second object. This is a journey from one object to the other.
A journey between two points.
A journey between a beginning and an end. A journey between life and a circle.
A journey between death and a line.

At a certain stage the journey's story had been wrITten as well -
From Guruji to Mataji to the G center. But not now.

My G center does not serve you yet.

This day shall come as well and then perhaps this story will come towards you as well.
You are given here an opportunITy to read. You are given here an opportunITy to call out loud all your ambITions.

To put them into a sack and tie wITh a rope and lay ceremoniously in Ganges river, in the Yarkon river, in the Dutch Rijn River or the river outside your home.

I am an object moving between objects. Circles, lines and points.
The geometrical journey sometimes acquaints us.
If there is a need and the time comes.
The pen decides what to wrITe and what to bring in front of me and in front of you.

Those who know me know of the story From IT to Guruji and Mataji.

IT is merely a story, like your lives, false imaginations, a realistic joke of a kind.
We sat once at the meeting table in Haifa, in the shipping company.
The Matrix has always been an illusion and collected victims as much as created life, delivered finances and wIThdrew loggings.

We sat once at the prayer table in a torrential rain wITh an Indian priest and wITh Mataji and Guruji and we dipped momentarily in the river of gratITude and consciousness.
The Matrix has always been an illusion and collected victims as much as created life, delivered fianc\E9s and wIThdrew longings.

This table or the other has been a setting in front of our eyes.

I did not understand you back then and I do not understand you now.
Now I accept and surrender and see.
I see myself. I see you.
I see the world.
The world shepherds me. The world shepherds you.

If your ego does not allow you to see yourselves sheep, never will you also be the lITtle golden haired prince.

I am a sheep and a lITtle prince. I am a rose and the accountant.
I am the lamplighter and I am the plane that crashed in the desert.

In all the worlds have I visITed and so have you.

When understanding shall stop perhaps there will awaIT you
Guruji and Mataji,
your father and mother.
They have always been there.
They gave you birth and brought you life. They buried your previous life and ordered you to a life of suffering.

The liberation as not being up to you, is upon your neck as a pendant.

IT is possible. Believe?
Don't believe in me or the story, you believe every single one of the letters that were wrITten here.


From A to Z.
From IT to Guruji and Mataji.

You believe the story of your life in such an adamant way, most religious there is, most deep there is, most attached there is.
One day you shall see that and then can you go out and shepherd in the meadow the rest of the sheep until rain drops and the sheep shall turn to shepherds and again to sheep and again to shepherds.

Do you believe that is possible?

If you don't, you can close your eyes and imagine life
From IT to Guruji and Mataji.

If you do, you can close your eyes and imagine life
From IT to Guruji and Mataji.
You can imagine your life
From "This" and until "your Parents",

From "Moment" and until "After", From me and until you.

You can open eyes.
We have arrived the point.
     One day you too shall shepherd the point.
One day I will be Your Sheep.
       WITh Love, The LITtle Prince.

Chapter 10

We have scored a perfect mark from this journey.
J chapters by J

I shall leave 3 pages Empty.
In every book and every story.

For me For you
and for Guruji and Mataji.

That is all.
Yours,
The (Discoursing) Desert













from IT
to
Guruji and Mataji
