In Search of Google
By
Ido Not KNOw

[] All rights
and
Obligations
Obligations
and
All rights

[] www

[] Introduction: 02-Dec-2018 07:38

6

Chapter 1: 22-July-2018 08:40

9

Chapter 2: 23-July-2018 15:35

13

Chapter 3: 24-July-2018 11:45

17

Chapter 4: 25-July-2018 21:50

20

Chapter 5: 26-July-2018 13:28

22

Chapter 6: 27-July-2018 16:18

25

Chapter 7: 4-Aug-2018 10:37

29

Chapter 8: 11-Aug-2018 15:20

34

Chapter 9: 13-Aug-2018 ±15:00

38

Chapter 10: 16-Aug-2018 ±11:00

41

Chapter 11: 17-Aug-2018 13:45

47

Chapter 12: 22-Aug-2018 11:50

52

Chapter 13: 27-Aug-2018 16:35

59

Chapter 14: 8-Sep-2018 11:15

67

Chapter 15: 12-Sep-2018 15:45

71

Chapter 16: 20-Sep-2018 09:20

76

Chapter 17: 24-Sep-2018 09:00

81

[] Chapter 18: 25-Sep-2018 16:36

84

Chapter 19: 27-Sep-2018 14:14

85

Chapter 20: 6-Oct-2018 9-10am

87

Chapter 21: 12-Oct-2018

90

Chapter 22: 13-Oct-2018 12:00

95

Chapter 23: 2-Nov-2018 12:25

99

Chapter 24: 11-Nov-2018 17:15

104

Chapter 25: 14-Nov-2018

109

End of Thing

114

After Thing: 19-Nov-2018 14:30

116

[] Introduction: 02-Dec-2018 07:38
Ready?
What she knew to tell me
there is one which tells you.
“the fears are mine not, hers neither
yet any man illusion seeks either,
upon which his actions he holds
from the fear which now he beholds‫״‬.
Somewhere My father is buried within
my lips. my language.
Somewhere, yet at all he knew that not.
“Lower your language not! Not for anyone”,
he once told me.
He was the son of his father.
I am the son of my father.
pre-girl
pre-girl song which not yet been told
yet in the village it was behold.
and people where whispering, stirring
as Snakes for Adam and Eve they were peering
and the willow sang endlessly
of pre-girl, crowned bare-nakedly
for wherever she walks, any place she had been
birds chirped, was that sternly mean?
and she, pre, almost, just not yet…
thus her formed image he met.
6

[] I ﬂy low not and I ﬂy high not.
I was named once Johnathan,
and perhaps I am from the seagulls’ family.
Which side of that family, I know not.
He certainly ﬂew along aside me not once.
I have no manual instructions further on.
Gurdjieff in “Beelzebub's tales to his grandson”
recommends in his introduction.
Read thrice
the Father
the Son
the Spirit
Dedicated to you and to you.

7

[] Ido Not Know.

8

[] Chapter 1: 22-July-2018 08:40
I have found the perfect writing platform, the book
where one can ﬁnd it all A Google notebook.
People say that there one can ﬁnd all that you are looking
nowadays. Only type in what you seek to ﬁnd, and
“hop”, instantly, the results are revealed to your eyes on
the ﬂickering screen. One click away from the next site,
which assures the yearned top. Only a click away.
Thus, when I bumped upon the empty notebook with
Google’s logo, I was certain and assured that is the
precise place to reveal for you that long-awaited Truth
everyone yearns.
This is just the ﬁrst chapter, so the path has only began.
Yet worry not, all will be clariﬁed eventually.
The day began as other days in the search for the Truth.
Sounds of a truck driving backwards, and the barking
puppy, directing it, announced that this day, as other
days, is futured to reveal to me that which I have been
destined to ﬁnd.
A passer-by with a blue towel to his neck, rough legs and
barefoot, stopped next to the dog-garden, and they
greeted him with rough barking, yet nice, as he kept on
walking. He knew precisely what to tell me. Precisely
that, which I need to see.
9

[] The Search of the Truth has never been that exciting,
curious, inspiring, mundane.
The woman spread along the bench inside the doggarden, watching at times her dog, at times her mobile
phone.
The dogs dug in pleasurably in the sand, and the dust
scattered all over, and exactly at that moment the lady
stood up, took her dog, tied him on the leash, and a man
in front, the owner of the other dog, entered with his
orange shirt, holding a mobile phone in his left hand,
and a leash in his right, tied his dog on the leash and left
the garden, as he was watching the oh-so-curious phone
screen.
The garden was left deserted, lonely, besides the
benches, the water tap and the garbage bin, which were
resting after an enduring effort in providing the needs of
the animals (and the humans) as a whole.
The garden did not stay lonely too long, maybe two
minutes until another lady, somewhat fat, laid her
belongings on the bench, and her wondering dog,
pleasurably, did his deeds in the garden. Swiftly she
approached full-weighted to pick up the deeds and toss
them in the bin, which returned to its duty. The short
break ended.
I continued my journey in the search of the slippery,
invisible, Truth.
10

[] I approached the café and did not know what to order,
nothing is new. One of the employees, perhaps the
owner, in his 40s, was wondering for the meaning of my
indecisiveness, and I stood still, wondering not upon my
pot. He asked me whether I would like to drink bleach,
and my stomach said, “ahhun” (yes).
He did not keep up to his word, and I did not drink any
bleach that morning, and the coffee he offered to make, I
did not know whether to accept. In a not-knowing state
as such, I turned back and left.
Finding the Truth in “Lunchner” café I was apparently
not destined to ﬁnd.
I wondered how far am I from the Truth, now, that the
story has become so mundane, and the mysterious Truth
hides most likely behind the corner in a hidden magic
room, which only magical words, which I know not, will
bring me nearer her.
At this stage of the morning I did not possess a mean to
search for the Truth in Google’s search engine, so I
simply did not know what to do, and for the ﬁrst time
was I not frustrated about it.
The search of the Truth is frustrating (meTaSkel)* no
more. At a certain point the letters crossed, ’s’ and ’t’
and the root, the root of things changed.
*(Originally in Hebrew:
Frustrating —> meTaSkel —> ‫מתסכל‬
11

[] Watching —> miSTakel —> ‫מסתכל‬
Written with the exact same ﬁve letters)
The search of the Truth is watching (mistakel)?
Is this what she had wanted to say? I am at all not sure,
though it seems that this daring step, that occurred at a
stage I remember not, created another perspective,
point of view.
I had not known yet what Google has or will have to say
about that and I saved the last word for them. It is
important nowadays to consult a reliable Oracle, which
everyone trusts, and its results do not change, surely do
not reveal a thing which is not present in the enormous
data storage, that millions, billions, of people have been
storing on in the years that passed since it was
established, in their search of the Truth.
If Truth exists, it has to be found inside Google. I was
thus sure, that this is one of their passwords.
The ﬁrst chapter ended, and the ﬁrst steps of the seeker
of the Truth have began with the fortune of ﬁnding a
Google notebook in Melchet street in Tel Aviv.

12

[] Chapter 2: 23-July-2018 15:35
The second chapter in the search of the Truth in Google’s
notebook begins, when the Truth requested me to stop
bothering her.
The Truth claimed that I request too much, and that this
is yet nothing but extortion.
Not that I was surprised by the words of Truth, yet still,
when the Truth writes you such a clear message, which
means no two ways, the pulse increases a bit, thoughts of
chasing the Truth and the demand for certain subjective
justice begin to rise.
That is not fear rather a natural defence mechanism in
face of Truth. That is all what it is.
At least that was how I saw that in that moment. How is a
man supposed to stop bothering the Truth?
Strolling the street towards the next car deal was part of
the daily program. Walking half an hour from Ramat Gan
to Tel Aviv, and despite July humidity and heat, in this
eccentric search for Truth, weather plays no more,
apparently, a lead role at all.
The breath becomes more and more patterned and
thoughts as well. Both ceased from operating vigorously.
I sat on a public garden bench in Givataim, ‘V’ shaped,
13

[] though rounder, which imitates an amphitheatre or its
ﬁrst row only.
In this chapter as well, the external setting wore on a
shape of a dog garden. About 10 minutes earlier two
women with their dogs, alternately, were present in the
yard. Now the yard is empty, a birds’ chirp was heard
blended with a sawing sound of an electrical machine of
sort.
Urban nature.
The sawing sounds were replaced by banging, most likely
of a hammer, and the birds continued chirping,
alternately. The garden was empty of human beings, at
least from my angle.
The Truth has already changed costume and tried to
transmit something vague, that is not too emotional, and
mentioned quietly that one requires waiting, yet not
speciﬁed what for.
I looked around, looking for a clue in the light poles, in
the wooden bin underneath, in the bars of the doggarden cage, in the sandy dusty soil, in the yellow-green
half-shaded grass, in the different trees standing in
different angles, none which stands as erect as the pair of
poles beside them.
Each and each tree had its angle, the growing angle
towards the sun, a changing trunk thickness and a
14

[] different inﬂorescence.
Each tree had its Truth to tell.
Air-conditioners were operating inside the houses’
rooms, and an engine hanging on the side of a building
told a story of electricity which I was never able to see.
There must be such a Truth as well.
I knew not for what I have been waiting, although the
details were known to me. That is another day as such,
another chapter as such, which is not always written in
Google’s search page.
The park was crossed by a woman with a blue top and a
dog tied on red leash. It sat on all fours comfortably,
ignoring the weather, and brought the woman to a halt.
One could have the impression she was patient and not in
a hurry to drag it to a different place. A minute past and
despite several gentle pulls, she succumbed to the dog’s
will.
The Truth has shown something else now.
No-Fear, children and parents swinging in the
playground.
No-Worry, in a summer day under the shade of the green
trees.
The patience of the woman did not seem common in this
city-like view. She stood beside her dog, which sniffed
and licked itself.

15

[] There is no understandable language in the air, a
language that I could hear with words which were
written in a dictionary and bring a man to speak with a
man, and search through them Truth, the Truth.
I could see from the corner of my eye a girl (or a boy)
swinging on a swing, I did not see where came that force
that moves the swing down-up. A mysterious hand that
was sent inside the picture, announced the old lady
(“The Grandmother” most likely) is the one creating the
necessary energy for the movement.
I stopped bothering the Truth with my search, even if for
this chapter only.

16

[] Chapter 3: 24-July-2018 11:45
The third chapter opened a little before noontime.
How will I know we are talking of the same Truth? of the
same search of Truth in the same familiar search
engines?
I will not know. Most likely I will not.
The Truth arrived hot and fresh in a white bowl and went
down smoothly into the spaces of my stomach and
settled there, creating a sated feeling as she began the
dissolution process in the dark, with the help of gastric
juices which I will not be able to see, only left to trust
that are faithfully taking care of the fresh Truth.
The caring for Truth comes in so many different forms,
apparent, hidden form the eye, in the company around
you, by others, in rumours, in facts.
She did not understand at all what I was talking about
and what is that thing I ﬁnd in her. She could have been
hiding everywhere and in everything and reveal in any
form at any time.
She did not even know how to spell her name, and why
everyone demands her wellbeing, and ﬁghting for her
possession.
Voices around caused me momentarily to stop seeing
her, to stop looking for her, though I believed she is here
next to me, near and far.
17

[] The Truth, that people talk about so many things, and
one cannot notice anymore between one conversation to
another. The themes, the search themes do not change,
are not so diverse, and perhaps that is the limitation of
language, and the true (jigsaw) puzzle which can be
created with her aid.
Pieces-pieces scattered in Google’s search engine while
the Truth is digested within the darkness of my stomach.
All this story seemed for a moment unclear whatsoever,
and it seemed the Truth came to tell that moment exactly
this. Exactly and not sort of.
The tests of History I will not be able anymore to correct,
and I will not be able to add plenty of words only in hope
to receive a higher score about examining the past.
Every time I was confused in search of Truth, the amount
of words increased linearly, perhaps even exponentially.
History and Mathematics, and both presented a different
way to discover the Truth, a different way to search for
Truth.
It is obvious beyond a doubt that the History Teacher and
the Mathematics Teacher are different to the bone, at
least in the apparent layer, the illusionary layer of
revealing the Truth.
If we remove the adjective, we will be left with two
Teachers, nothing more, and nothing more is needed,
and one should fear not, lest we will learn no more about
18

[] the History or Science (through Mathematics), as we
remain with a Teacher only.
The Truth has been pointing to that since aeons, and has
let me see that as the dials turned and the clock showed
12:00.
Noon Break. Break from Noon Break.
The third chapter reached its end.

19

[] Chapter 4: 25-July-2018 21:50
The fourth chapter begins in an evening walk of ﬁve-six
kilometres from Ramat Gan to Tel Aviv, and the Truth
does not understand which heat people are talking
about.
The Truth asked that I will not bother her with matters
which do not concern the heart of Truth, and most of the
time I did not really know to differ one matter from
another.
The seasons and changes of weather, weathermen from
different sorts in different channels, and now Google as
well are announcing the accurate temperature with a
click of a button, Truth be told. But what is the meaning
of all this?
Knowing the rising temperature in month of July
resembles a smoke detector, which announces the
presence of smoke in the room, nothing more.
Certainly that can already be found searching Google.
It is not a witch-hunt after the changing temperature,
these are only people giving up searching the Truth in
such a weather, giving in to the cooling air-co, and that
is not terrible, not at all.
Apparently the Truth, as the weather, is damp and
sticky, and at times stinks from the armpit, and we are
20

[] all trying to get rid of IT through a cold shower and an
indispensable amount of soap.
A ﬂexible climber on TV, and people eating Borek. Real
treat. TV program anchors and for a moment the Truth
disappeared between a street and a 42 inch TV.
It seems this evening and the distractions have shed their
signs upon me, and the climber girl in search for the
Truth fell into the swimming pool.
Disappointment, though chill envelopes this end of day.
My words can be clouded, and the Truth has escaped
nowhere.
The fourth chapter came to a closer.

21

[] Chapter 5: 26-July-2018 13:28
The ﬁfth chapter, and again it is mid-day.
The Truth hangs as well among gloomy atmosphere. Not
sadness or such Truth alike, only people and human
display of Les Misérables.
Thus told me the truth something of the human nature.
Wise men write in left hand, told me the Truth, and I
smiled lightly. The Truth sipped from a coke zero can
with lemon and tried to attract my attention.
My attention was set upon a Truth of that kind that
moment, and I came to discover that also the Truth tries
to attract our attention sometimes, and that is not
always her time to receive it.
He returned to drink something, he was a strong
adherent of the Truth.
Three cigarettes were left on the coffee table, and his
hoarse voice which was barely heard, announced human
Truth.
The Truth deals not with pity, more than that, no selfpity.
Truth and Reality present in an ashtray full of cigarette
buds and lonely abandoned people.
Once, the melancholic Truth could have hit a man’s
(Adam in Hebrew) face as a bright summer midday sun,
but once he found Eve, as told, in the Garden of Heaven,
22

[] the Truth began receiving different faces and reveal itself
in other ways.
Not always she blazes on our faces like a midday sun. Not
always is she clear, and there are times, when she hides
in the remains of a cup of coffee, and there are even
people making money nowadays that way.
He asked me what is “Shady” translated to Hebrew. It
appeared the precise description. I could not hand him
the word in Hebrew. Perhaps you know, without
reaching Google’s search engine, as you seek for absolute
Truth of someone else, which is engraved in data storage
somewhere out there, perhaps in Los Angeles,
California, or maybe even India.
He told me the meaning of life and the hidden Truth
within. It is a man that is pushed to tell his story, even if
it is the sore throat that is gone or the doctor check-up or
how naughty he was when he was young. Now he is 64,
he gave me his birthdate and tried to tell a part of his
life’s movies.
The Truth can be so stubborn, at times, wishing to tell
you what she had experienced and where she had been
and with whom and when, to the littlest, most
unimportant, detail.
She, anyhow, does not discern between major details to
minor, small and large.

23

[] The Truth silenced, and the writing diluted with car
horns and different volumes was new for this coffee
table.
A light drinks merchant with hieroglyph-like writing
returned for a second round to drink a bottle of water.
Moments ago he tested me and his hieroglyph-like
writing. The Truth is present in a merchant’s note, even
if we could not succeed in reading her, and most do not
realise this.
The Truth disclosed about her evasiveness, her being
hidden, among letters and words, realised and
unrealised, in one language and another language.
A local man lit a cigarette, he is most likely not the
strongest tree in the forest, not this forest, at least.
The ﬁfth chapter, that is all that was.

24

[] Chapter 6: 27-July-2018 16:18
The sixth chapter began, when he told me with a voice
half-disappointed, that he has “only” jakhnun (YemenIsraeli pastry) for sale.
“ahhun”, I replied gladly.
“Do you want one jakhnun?”, he asked.
“ahhun!”, I jumpingly replied.
He tensed and was happy together with me.
The Truth lies also (even if at times, and even rare times)
in one satiated piece.
There were days I wondered how the talk about Truth
was ridiculous, and where is she “hiding”.
How blind are we, that we cannot see her around us, and
she on her side is also “itsy-bitsy” disappointed that we
are so limited in seeing her.
It is already Chapter six, and now it is the sixth day, and
someone told me it is a special day, perhaps “Tu
B’Av” (Jewish 15th of month of Av), perhaps sun eclipse,
perhaps both.
I search Google for something completely different that
day, something about our lymphatic system, the thymus
gland, T cells and B cells and the spleen.
I read and believe the written story in Britannica website
(the printed volumes are profusely tossed on the streets
25

[] after Google and Wikipedia’s breakthrough into the
world, that is the Truth). The Truth is intertwined with
words and scientiﬁc descriptions, and in the way the
story “appears” (or “seems” or “sounds”) to be credible
for me.
Belief and credibility are the cornerstones of Truth, in a
certain way anyhow.
There is Truth that is revealed to Doron who made the
jakhnun, and I fear not admit that. Truth that is revealed
to him and is not revealed to me. I have accepted that
long ago (or at least several years ago).
The Truth was swallowed in my stomach and now
operating on her different forces that dissolve her to
pieces, and each piece contains its own Truth, and the T
and B cells also have their share in it, and the tribal
support system as well, which brought the jakhnun
forth.
18 ILS per piece, here in Doron’s jakhnun in Katzanelson
61, Givataim.
22 ILS in the Borek-place in Bugrashov (towards Ben
Yehuda), Tel Aviv.
18 ILS also in Baba Suliman in Katzanelson (closer to Ben
Gurion), Givataim.
15 ILS in KG kiosk where Doron’s father (and not Doron
from the jaknun) sells his jakhnuns.
Everyone and his price, his quality, his place, his Truth.
All of that revealed the Truth to me.
26

[] The capacity to manoeuvre through layers of different
systems is also a function of Truth, inside and out, being
and knowledge - merely more words. Merely another
experience. That is all.
From Doron’s jakhnun shop came a song, American pop ‘Say My Name’, and from ‘the four season falafel’ techno
music.
No ﬁghting, but there is a dissonance of sort.
Juxtaposition theory - there is a relation that is
happening from the presence of these two shops, side by
side, and there is a certain relation happening, when I
am among them or inside them.
Not something that the singers and producers of the
various musics, most probably, believed will happen.
Cosmopolitan folk Truth in food stands. Someone will be
“sorry” for teaching me to write. What truths are
written outside, on the streets.
The Truth no longer scared me.
I no longer searched for her also when she was gone or
when for a moment I did not notice that I do not speak of
her, for she was there, that way or the other.
That she remembered to tell me.
That she believed is not written in Google.
One out of Truths that I have yet to type in the inﬁnite
search engine (only at sight).
I did not understand why she has driven me to tell
something about her, not her whole, but a small sample
27

[] of mine.
She simply decided apparently that she has something to
tell and found a vehicle through which she could do that.
For me it seems.
There was something detached in the way she spoke, as if
I am not involved with her writings, though the one who
looks from the side, could have thought that “I” am
involved and responsible for all that.
There are those who understand this.
There are those who do not.
There are those who will nod at such words.
There are those who will ridicule at their presence.
There are those and there are those, and that is the
Truth.
It bothers not to the being of things to continue
happening and perhaps develop.
She was about to start telling me something about
evolution, however he came and asked “Did you enjoy?”
“Ahhun”, I replied and smiled as he was cleaning the
wooden board and the mashed tomatoes and s’chug
(spicy pepper sauce) from the table, and I was left to see
his back.
I was left to pay, the sixth chapter was over.

28

[] Chapter 7: 4-Aug-2018 10:37
Six creation days and the seventh day begins, the
seventh chapter, which for the Truth of it, is the
continuation of the wheel.
No rest and no Shabat
perhaps only at ﬁrst sight.
A transition from the city to the moshav (village) and
part of the Truth was already known, and that either I
could not search and ﬁnd in Google’s engine.
The Truth there could not have prepared me for the
transition, since there is nothing to prepare, when the
fear vanishes. That is the Truth.
Preparations on a previous pattern or an attempt to
create a new pattern for a safe future, are rooted in fear.
That is the Truth.
It inclines not that patterns shall not be created and the
cakes and cookies shall not be baked in order to create a
safe and tasty mold, prima facie.
The mind is not loaded from all the stacking of fear. The
survival of the urban man which pays high rent to live
crowdedly and exchange ‘verbalish mumblish’ with one
another and in groups, with many strangers. On the
height of rent one can learn from Google, and if not from
that engine, surely from “yad2”.
29

[] That is just another experience, just another setting.
A rustle cricketing (though I’m not sure from a cricket)
rustles along from the branches of the pine tree.
The cafés, the plenty of cars and the strangers in their
multitude replaced another stage this chapter.
Moshav Amirim, on the mountain, oak trees, lentisk
bushes, more green than grey.
It is not good nor is it bad, told one another the city
mouse and the village mouse on their different
experiences.
A quick typing in Google’s search engine will bring you to
sing about it.
One can hear and feel the wind in its clarity. August heat,
chilly comparing to Tel Aviv.
A man is left to share his experiences and his details and
what he has learned from them. That is all the lesson.
Another man would read the words, take a deep breath,
where in front of him the book’s pages and its words, and
as he reads the book on another stage, could feel, even if
momentarily, what is happening among words and
letters of the book.
For that Google’s engine was created - to walk without,
to feel with.
There the illusion is clearly distinct. A man sees a video,
30

[] an image or something written on the website, and it’s
pretty obvious for him that he is not “there”.
However, when sits on a bench and writes some thing,
and feels the ﬁngers pressing the pen, and the ink gently
smears on the page, feels the sitting bones and his back
touches the bench and feels the blowing wind - then a
man “understands” not the size of the illusion, its depth.
The different senses are preventing him from perceiving
this.
That is but human, told me the Truth.
A man has been taught to believe in something.
To step out of believing in sensations (on all ﬁve senses),
that is a step that few, so is told, experience, reveal or
even rewarded.
Reward, since something special, different, is happening
upon the breaking of that belief.
It is not to attest, that the glue that exists inside the
head, inside the mind, has crumbled from its illusionary
grip. Not at all.
At least for me, not yet.
It is not a catharsis and there are no orgasms.
There is another reality, there is another point of view,
there is another lesson, in the school of life.
There is life burdenless. The Truth whispers that not
many ﬁnd its sweet waters, and one should dig deep into
the depth of earth, even through the abyss (oblivion),
31

[] until a man reaches the deep abysmal water ﬁlled with
atoms of Truth.
It is not “quarrying a rock” or “via Dolorosa”, not
necessarily, though it might be.
That a man chooses not.
My mother wrote to me today, that I am walking on a
brave path or bravely on the path.
When a man walks his path there is no bravery nor fear there is only Path.
The sensations change, the scenery changes, the
experience change, the description changes.
The Path is a relative of the Truth.
I am not certain of which degree.
One can search Google’s search engine about “The Path”.
You might ﬁnd some old wise Chinese man awaits you on
the crossroad with a sign - “Go Away!!!”.
You can read it how you understand.
After all, many roads to Rome, and all arrive from where
and there, and lead you to here and until when.
You have brieﬂy turned and the old wise Chinese man
disappeared and you are left confused and frightened as
for his meaning.
You might put all that aside and completely ignore.
You might put all that aside and turn light.

32

[] Nothing to know and nothing to worry, ends the Truth
the seventh chapter.

33

[] Chapter 8: 11-Aug-2018 15:20
The eighth chapter began sitting on a bench in Kineret
viewpoint.
A bench, grass, a guardrail and the valley view up to the
arrival of the Kineret, which ends in Golan Mountains
(originally written - Jordan), the line which is beyond.
The Truth already told me that it is not a choice when she
decides to say her thing, let alone when someone is
willing to listen to her, to check and examine her
essence, and write it.
There can pass days, weeks, months, and even years,
before the time of the Truth will arrive to go out into the
light this way or another.
The Truth herself told me of eons in darkness, of extinct
species, of mountains created and kingdoms annihilated.
Something comes out through me, and she allows it to be
received. She prepared me for a somewhat “strange”
journey, a solo journey even lonely in search and writing
about her.
All the changing of pronouns appeared strange. Yet that
as well she believed will happen.
As long as she had written her words through me, I knew
not what she is about to say, and knew not what she had
gone through.
All I could see was her becoming in front of my eyes as
the pen comes down in a changing rhythm to the paper.
34

[] That she told me as well, and whispered and most likely I
will not ﬁnd that in Google’s search engine.
It exists in this moment on a bench surrounded by two
lentisk bushes and two fresh pine trees on its sides.
The process which she comes down from an “unknown”
place through my shoulder, towards my elbow, towards
the wrist, up to the ﬁngers, thumb and index ﬁnger, the
only ones “allowed” to hold the “sending”. The index
ﬁnger, the middle ﬁnger, supporting from below, the
ring ﬁnger and the pinkie do not at all touch it yet they
are “there”. This process is fascinating not less than the
rest of the messages which she sends.
The eight chapter is not about loneliness. All this journey
together with her is not a lonely journey.
Not at all.
That is perhaps the challenge of many of the “crazies”,
the “schizophrenics”, thus she told me, every time
anew, and “strengthened” me, despite my foundations
have been solid and required no strengthening.
The craziness of the voices in the head, she said, is
merely part of the absolutely normal game. Most people
do not understand that and lead themselves to jump off
of imaginary cliffs at the sound of the voices.
I am not talking about suiciders, but the daily people,
listening to the craziness of their heads and are certain
that is their way.

35

[] That is a suicide, a slow death, of most humanity, under
“normal” disguise - as you come to “everything will be
ok”.
The Truth knew a thing or two about herself and sent me
to search Google for “depression”, “disappointment”, “dissatisfaction”,
“fatigue”, “diseases” (body and psyche).
The Strange and the Weird will be judged by normal
people with standards of high standard deviation. The
Normal lives on a standard deviation which he cannot
see. As he drives so crooked on the road, not realising
how his vehicle is wearing out as the road calls him to
drive a completely different road.
At times until he does not turn “crazy”, a man will keep
on wearing out his vehicle, himself, and only when the
engine light will turn on, shouting for an unbearable
heat, only then will be the time for treatment.
That is the world’s way, she said, nothing to be done,
nothing to wonder about, nothing to be expected.
One can watch and wait.
It is not staring at an emptied content screen.
It is not to say as well that a screen cannot contain
content.
The Truth silenced for a moment then laughed.
Immediately a boy on facebook put out a laughing
smiley.
Immediately a woman posted the successful baked cake,
36

[] and a mother shared about her children jumping to the
swimming pool.
Nothing is wrong with that, said the Truth to me. One
should observe, ﬁrst thing.
That is reality. That is presence.
“Search for me and you shall not ﬁnd, certainly not in
the reality as it appears to you.”
The winds that passed, passed along, whistling through
the pine needles, emphasised to me how the scenery
changed the past few weeks.
That is just the scenery, and ended the eighth chapter.

37

[] Chapter 9: 13-Aug-2018 ±15:00
The ninth chapter unfolds and again the rustle of the
wind through the leaves is heard.
Truthfully, that what is left here are my words and
thoughts.
The Truth has known to tell me about the city and the
moshav (village).
About the differences in the rustle of the leaves.
I was left with the thoughts in my head, and that’s the
Truth, which silence brings.
She sat beside me, and she had, most likely, a different
mother.
A playground with green grass, two tress, swings, two
mothers, and children, and silence.
The Truth came to tell me something about silent ﬁlms.
Subtitles in the head, subtitles on the paper, and the
Truth giggles at all it bounds. At all it sounds.
The Truth was tolerant to my stories, as she was towards
the blowing wind through the leaves.
She knew when to guide me inside, and when outside,
when to spill the ink, and when to supply material for
the ink to be spilled.

38

[] She had gone, that one with the different Truth, without
saying a word, with a smile, and the Truth revealed to
me about another kind of communication.
Nil cried (from his mother and her calling I acquainted to
his name).
The group wanted to eat popsicles, in the custody of the
mother, under the custody of the shade, and Nil,
estimated to be two years old, went the opposite
direction.
It was obvious that something is attracting him there,
and the mother wanted him to join the group. He
refused, but encountered the stubbornness of his
mother.
The Truth revealed to me something about education and
conditioning from young age. To each of us his movie,
his subtitles.
That moment passed as well, and most likely, would not
be found in Google’s search engine.
The Truth whispered that I have not yet “seen” a thing,
despite seeing a thing or two. I knew not if to nod my
head to agree or not. She said, it matters not, and she is
here.
It is not possible to search the keyword, when you do not
know what is the key.

39

[] At a certain stage, you receive bundles of keys and not all
match the spinning doors, and you throw to the garbage
the ones that do not ﬁt, and as you ﬁnd a new door, and
all your keys do not ﬁt, at times you return to search for
the key you have tossed away, and sometimes you wait
for a new one. Sometimes also a duplicated key will
work.
The Truth already knew to direct me to different key
duplicators, which despite the key they handed to me,
did not open the door easily like the original, opened it
eventually.
No secret and no key, wrote the Truth.
No secret and no key.
“Do you pay attention?”, she asked.
Thus she sealed the ninth chapter.

40

[] Chapter 10: 16-Aug-2018 ±11:00
The tenth chapter opened back again under a shading
tree upon the grass, though a bit ichy-bitchy.
It is the same playground where Nil played, ran and
cried.
It is the same place where I drew two trees in grey
surrounded with green.
The Truth began telling me about memories.
She told about how we take them for granted, the
connection between present being, which reminds
something from the past, and the “obvious” connection,
which is typed in our head, which give rise to the
memory through our special search engine.

41

[] 42

[] She told me that Google are trying to ﬁnd that same
search, same index, unsuccessfully.
She told me about the oh-so-human tryout to “imitate”
the human body, also through the creation of the
camera, the lens, the focus.
There are things, she told me, most of them, which we
take for granted since they have a sequence in our life.
Mostly we do not notice that our eyes focus non-stop, in
order for us to see focused, and most likely, that muscle
works thousands times a day (an assumption) and one
can search Google’s search engine for the more
“accurate” number (estimated), that scientists have
discovered, and someone typed into an internet website,
and Google indexed all, thus one can ﬁnd that item.
She knew one cannot imitate that muscle action in the
camera precisely. Some may say “a lame imitation”,
some may say “a successful imitation”, which allows us
to capture “memories” in an externally, permanentlychanging way (until the discolouration of the photo, or
until it’s lost).
That special mechanism of experiences, of memories, of
the joining glue between them, which creates some false
“I” that as if recalls been here before, but knows or
believes something has changed.
She elaborated a bit speaking about the limitation of the
mind or the brain, which takes the general image, and
43

[] large details, 60%, 80%, and if there is a match, there is a
voice says - “I have been here”.
The changing details it mostly omits or when it does not
remember the place, the ratio changes to 10%, 20%, 30%
known, then it is not always obvious to that “I”, the we
where here before.
The Truth revealed me something about such a sticky
illusion, to ensure a kind of continuation in our lives, a
kind of security through the known, the understood to
us.
That same “I” does not need to reacquaint with this
playground now, perhaps only to 10-20% of the unknown
details.
Though “Pareto’s law” applies here as well, ensuring the
familiar.
The Truth told or mentioned the absence of fear which
allows observation or the observation which defuses
fear. She sent me to read in Google about the parable of
“The egg and the chicken”.
This illusion that in a moment, tomorrow, in a year, a
decade, a century, this playground will stand on its
ground. Here also enters the illusion of the familiar, the
belief, into the picture. The mind saw the grass changing
in a certain rate.
Let’s assume a day-week, and discovered about its
changeability, it disappearance.
The concrete, that is already another long story 44

[] perhaps a decade, perhaps a century to its
disappearance.
Despite man mostly does not live up to a hundred or
beyond, he is capable of thinking and believing these
ranges.
The Truth told me to accept it as it is.
Apparently I had no choice.
The Truth about instability does not bring instability, au
contraire, establishes an entirely new stability.
This duality and relationship of forces between “yesh (is)
and en (is not)”, between “yes and no”, between
“lacking and existing”.
A change of track in the middle of chapter ten.
A short story about a pomegranate, the fruit of the
pomegranate.
The Truth wanted to make a mess and get dirty.
A red round pomegranate picked from the tree, whole
and beautiful.
Inside its seeds, red, sweet, and one shed “its blood” on
my white singlet.
A small red stain created on the singlet, and suddenly all
its appearance changed and it remained white no more.
What occupied the mind is the 1% red and not the 99%
white.

45

[] I took more seeds, the whole open pomegranate, and I
touched slight touches on my singlet.
1% turned 2%, to 5%, perhaps 10% and at least 20%.
The unity began echoing to the mind.
As if it had wanted to balance between the red and the
white. All of a sudden it appeared not as a stain, but as a
new creation on the singlet.
An hour walk and the red stains began turning brown. It
appeared to be the nature of a pomegranate, of cotton
and the oxygen system in the air. At the end of the day
50% of the red dots turned half brown.
After one laundry, all the red was removed and turned
brown, the dots stayed, and apparently the washing
machine, the water, the detergent, the singlet and the
dots decides some strategy, and turned all the red into
brown.
The Truth laughed at the sight of my shirt, which turned
into a kind of “rag” (in the eyes of the mind), and
entered into the closet under the sink, the shirt (and
perhaps the Truth together with it).
White, red and brown, and chapter ten ended.

46

[] Chapter 11: 17-Aug-2018 13:45
There opened chapter eleven.
VW North garage, Majd al-Krum, at Nader’s.
The Truth that also car repairs are needed once in a
while, or at least happening, done.
The Truth tells here of externality that changes
compared to the permanent internality. She spoke about
the clinging of the mind to the changing surrounding
compared to the permanent internality.
The Truth came to make it exact, or at least told me that
the message is not necessarily understood yet.
She continued on saying that the internality or a certain
quality, one can say, of the internality, changes.
The sensations change in the presence of external
inﬂuences, external imprints, though the essence of the
sensations changes not. It stays permanent.
North garage, moshav Amirim, waiting corner, rented
house, Majd al-Krum, Amsterdam, summer, winter,
nature, city, forest, roads, hundred acres, ten square
meter.
Something outside changes, and something inside adapts
itself to the changes, though as long as a man ﬁnds his
permanent internality, which does not change, thus
47

[] change, external and/or internal, no longer constitute “a
disturbance”, “a challenge”, “a hardship”.
Here reminded me the Truth the second Yoga Sutra of
Patanjali “Atha Yogah Nushasanam”.
Oops… that is the ﬁrst one.
Anyway, the ﬁrst is related to the second and vice versa.
“Yogah Citta Vritti Nirodhah”, that is the second. Yoga
is the cessation of the ﬂuctuations in the head, in the
mind.
She told me, that it is not about the “cessation” as much
as about discovering the “unchangeable” “constant”.
There are those who will call it Purusa, the soul.
There are those who will call it the “deﬁned” at a person,
“the constant energy”.
It does not necessarily matter how it is “called”. The
names are meant only to transfer the message to another
and speak about it. To be human among humans.
The Truth told me that one can read about it in books,
and as well in Google’s search engine there are results for
those sutras. That is not the learning process, she
emphasised, as much as a possibility to observe some
knowledge. That is all.
The discovery of the unchangeable has brought me to the
extent that the place, the images, the people, the
weather, the places, will no longer constitute an
48

[] elementary factor of the “way” in my life, of the
“contentment” in my life.
Again, clariﬁed the Truth, the word we will name it has
no special meaning for a man. It has a special meaning,
when we are interested, or when it is correct for us to
share what we have experienced, with another.
There is no difference between work and holiday,
between a vacation in the sea and a car repair in the
garage.
As we discover, experience, as it will be clariﬁed, that
there is a place, where there is no difference, in one’s
experiences, in his realizations, is being, then a certain
door opens to see the world through a different hatch,
opening.
The Truth revealed another fold and supposedly in “an
unexpected” place, in Nader’s garage, in the middle of
month of August.
That is the journey, to be prepared that something will
be revealed in a place, a time and a way that are
unpredictable.
For that there are many moments, which constitute, on
the surface, a “futile” observation.
The Truth told me that only the mind tries to tag it as
“futile”, as unnecessary, as irrelevant.

49

[] Therefore, all that is left is to be ready.
The Truth lightly laughed reading this sentence.
Much has been spoken, written, taught, told, about
“being ready”, “being present”, “observing”.
Until a baby has not experienced the sun and realised the
sun in all its aspects, as can be perceived by it, no one
can truly teach him about sun.
As it learned, experienced and realised, in its whole
meaning about sun, can it understand the whole world.
A sun is “merely” an example. One can change it,
clariﬁed the Truth, with “a person”, with another
object.
Philosophy, theory and practice can easily be mixed and
melted and remain mis-realised.
The “work”, which many teachers teach, is mostly, the
challenge in sustaining inside what appears as
unnecessary.
A man, most humans, most men, are at all not close to
realising the meaningful and the meaningless, and are
certain of one instead of the other. Mixing or replacing
meaningful for meaningless, awakening for sleep,
wisdom for foolishness.
Even if you would read and nod to agree as you read the
words, even if you read and nod to disagree as you read
50

[] the words, it will matter not.
Most likely.
Taking care of an automobile and the realisation of it,
and removing the veil from the unknown, sustaining
inside the fear, seeing the survival aspect - and the nonsurvival.
The Truth laughed again and said, “how characteristic
of you.” Characteristic, character, she spoke about the
essence of my character.
That which is written, she said, indicated clearly on the
aspect of subjectivity inside of us, on the limitation of
seeing the world through one’s eyes, through our eyes.
I do not see as a dog - that is obvious.
I do not see as my brother, or as anyone else - that is
obvious.
Indeed?
Many times, one understands that not and the attempt
that another will see like me, feel like me, understand
like me, creates a discrepancy, misunderstanding,
disappointment, frustration, obstacles, anger,
stuckness.
“That is also the reality”, told me the Truth.
That is also the reality.
End of chapter eleven. Female, male and in between
them.
51

[] Chapter 12: 22-Aug-2018 11:50
The twelfth chapter opened.
Again the playground, another angle.
The ground is “deserted” of people after a play.
The children and the mothers’ rest minutes ago.
The Truth began telling me about the meaning of the
playground. A place for the children to play around,
mostly, though not always, and the mothers resting
under one of the trees, mostly (rest), though not always.
The Truth began revealing me something about the
dependency of the development in the creature itself, in
the mother, in the child.
At the beginning of the scene, the set, one could see four
toddlers climbing an iron basket, its top about 3 meters
high.
The mothers were sitting in a distance a few dozen
meters away under the shade of the tree, or more
precisely, on the shade under the tree.
Truth is, that the story “stopped”, “paused”, for an hour
and a half.
The Truth knew of bumping and revealed that to me
again and again.
The playground remained “deserted” no more after
writing the word, and within a few minutes Uri and
52

[] Neomi (thus I got to know their names) arrived with
their mother (and their brother sleeping in the cart).
The story about them and about the ﬁrst encounter will
not be written now, if at all.
Back to the mothers that were sitting at a certain time, in
a certain point, under the tree.
The Truth showed me a thing or two about memory,
about the continuity of the memory, about its formation,
and how one can return to dots on the memory plane,
and collect again experiences, blow spirit into them and
inﬂate them into a story.
Inﬂate the past into the present.
The place where the memory of the story had been
written has changed and it is not the playground
anymore, but a bench towards “the extension” (this I
learned was the name of the neighbourhood where I
live). A bench in the middle of the road, on the side of
the road, facing the mountain view, under a pine tree
and in front of Rimon (pomegranate) street (I assume).
How the details gather one on top of the other and create
an image.
The Truth revealed that the story you will read, the
image you will see, out of the collection of details, will be
different from the image another will see and from the
image I see and describe, even had I had a camera and I
would have pasted the still image in the story.
53

[] The thread returned again to the mothers and their
children.
They climbed the iron basket, and the mothers were
resting under the tree, and one could stretch a line
(“imaginary”) between them and the children.
The Truth tagged it now as “The line of Fear” (or the
“worry” or “concern”).
This line between the two mothers and the four children
was now loose and not tight.
The children could climb (and indeed climbed) to the top
of the basket, and the imaginary line did not stretch, not
for a moment.
My sensation was calm as the looseness of the line. Many
possibilities are given when the line is loose. Many
possibilities apparently are possible also when it is tight,
though certainly with a completely different sensation of
the spectator.
The children could (my discernment) move more freely
along this loose line (allegedly imaginary).
The dependency between the children and the mothers
was free, loose and liberated.
The children did not tense the mothers,
and the mothers did not tense the children.
No side pulled the other, and altogether the line was
distinct and apparent to the eye (trained? skilled?).

54

[] A day earlier, in Kineret viewpoint, I bumped into a
mother (another) and her children. The line between her
and her children was very tight. One could sense it, one
could see it, one could hear it.
The children were dependent on the mother, and the
mother was dependent on the children, and each side
constantly pulled, willingly or unwillingly, the
imaginary line, the line of concern, fear and worry.
Even if “wanted” the mother to rest for a moment, the
tension of that line allowed it not. She did not allow it,
the mother, as well as the children allowed it not.
When the line is tensed, as much as it is tensed, so the
vibrations are felt more, and their frequency is higher,
faster. As much as the line is loose, its vibrations are felt
less, and if to be exact, the time it takes one vibration to
arrive from one end of the line to the other, takes more
(time) thus also the frequency is lower.
One could certainly hear that.
A Do (C) of the highest octave and the Do (C) of the
lowest octave.
The Truth sent me to the piano to examine that. If there
is no piano, she said, after all in Google surely one can
ﬁnd differences between octaves and much more
material about frequency, about vibrations, about
wavelength, about tension and looseness.

55

[] This line, mostly invisible to man, has much signiﬁcance
in our lives, to resistance, to fatigue, to awakeness, to
peace.
I shall not say how to repair it, but ﬁrst observe and
notice the phenomena within you.
At times observing the phenomena and the discovery of
it impact the tension (or looseness) of the line.
Step one in survival, in reducing the fear, is the
“recognition”. The more the mind recognizes the surface
of things, liberation is a possibility, less resistance,
assuming, of course, that this is the correct path for a
man to tread on.
It might certainly be that hypertension is your share.
Recognition is step one.
The Truth came not to “resolve” a thing there. Ones who
wish for a resolution might ﬁnd me, or others, or
themselves.
This is not a guidebook. This is a viewpoint.
It matters not at this moment if I will introduce to you
my way, and how I arrived here where I sit presently.
Human Design, Vipassana, Yoga, IT, bikes, Don’t Know
Meditation.
All these are just names to one experiential experiment
or another.
56

[] Even if I write here of “Strategy and Inner
Authority” (Human Design), of Anna Pana (Vipassana)
and of “Don’t Know” (meditation), of observation, of the
body, of the mind, I believe not (says my mind), that
something will happen on the other side of the page, as
much as I leave a space for doubt, that a man can awaken
from reading these words.
I have not experienced that this is how life works.
The Truth knew to tell me of forces which operate, and
dozens and hundreds of books, written on this subject or
alike, dozens of methods and thousands of teachers.
It might be that a word or more will awaken a hidden
spark within you, and that will distract you from the old
sleeping path of yours (in Hebrew old and sleeping are
written with the same letters ‫)ישנה‬, both old and
sleeping.
I do not engage in possibilities, in probabilities, I simply
describe an experience.
That is a journey as for me, to share the aspects of fear
from another layer, from another perspective, to change
the relation to survival, through another observation of
life’s illusion.
The line that is stretched from me to the horizon is not
loose, and passes above the valley, above the paths,
above the road and the houses, above one ridge, a second
one, up to the misty horizon.
One can tread this line with no fear of falling.
57

[] A loose line, more fearful at start, harder to balance
upon.
The Truth reminded me about a tight rope, tied between
two trees and treading on the rope. It became a “sport”.
One can ﬁnd that in Google, she said - Slack Line.
One must cut some slack, something loose, to tread upon
the rope, else it would tear, else it would not be
“interesting”.
Tension is apparently necessary. The tension between us
and the gravity of earth, and the moon. The tension
exists as long as we are alive and the lessons that come
with it.
That is an imaginary line, that the body knows how to
tread upon, how to operate when sensing different and
changing forces.
The body knows how to handle the line of fear and tread
upon it above all which happens to come my way.
The mothers and the children revealed something very
interesting about that line.
There is no superﬂuous tension in my eyes now, and the
view stretches and unfolds in front of them.
This is the reciprocity in this moment. This moment.
Chapter twelve folded in, and entered into the bag, and
was closed.

58

[] Chapter 13: 27-Aug-2018 16:35
The thirteenth chapter arrived with the Truth’s story
about powerlessness (En Onim in Hebrew).
She broke down in front of me the meaning of this term.
En —> lack
Onim —> Powers
She began telling me about the limitation inhabited in
that it is not in the power of man to change reality, at
least that is how I saw her words.
I was under a certain powerlessness lately, in a certain
way anyhow. One can elucidate powerlessness in many
ways.
Now it was not about, necessarily, lack of choice
inherent as powerlessness.
Now it was more of “a physical state”, something
“simple” allegedly, daily.
The theme of breath, the asthma, ﬂoated upon the
surface in recent weeks, and as any phenomena, brought
forth a lesson which the Truth had hoped to show me.
Something in the “deﬁnitions” appeared limiting and
increasing phenomenas which do not necessarily exist,
which lead to increase of resistance.
The Truth began clarifying to me that there is a place
“free” (supposedly) from the dependence on words,
whether a man deﬁnes his state or not.
59

[] The Truth revealed to me many times, that it appears
people are sick and limited from knowing about their
condition, from the name given to their condition, more
than the condition itself.
The powerlessness in the breathing “issue”, the irregular
nights lately, brought forth a lesson of a slightly different
kind.
The Truth began splitting apart the term
“issue” (problem), however, it was decided now, not to
get into that excessively.
At this point, it is said, that this is simply an array of
comparison between two sides of the equation, and
mostly with human beings, between past and present,
desirable and existing (future and present).
Accepting the powerlessness must encapsulate within it
(Yesh - opposite of En) Onim, Powers.
That I discover now. When from the equation one
removes the “lack” (‘En’ - Exists Not - in Hebrew). One
can remove the “Exists Not” (En), only when an equation
is Existing Not.
In words simpler perhaps, when you do not compare
your present condition to your previous condition, you
cannot be in lack .
For most human beings such revoking is almost
impossible. It leaves them power-less facing the present.
60

[] The physical, mental, emotional challenges are rooted in
the comparing capacity which exists in the mind.
The Truth told me that many see that a mere
philosophical element (aspect), meaningless for the daily
life.
She made sure to clarify that this is the world’s way, and
this is the mind’s way to maintain the grip on people.
An attempt exists to “resolve” the “issue”, the
“challenge”. An attempt exists only when there is an
equation.

61

[] I Worry Knot
(01:15 ,22-7-2017)

At times a smile appears on face
If you will only observe, wait
at times it is closed inside
and decrease it not,
not because it wants not out
nor increase, nor solve,
but cannot hold
you will find brilliantly,
face muscle’s work
that the problem sinks in depths,
present a cloudy state
no longer sticks
but fallen state and mood
a firm stake inside the ground.
like paint on a smudged wall,
Thus grow from wilderness,
dries, fades and disappears
Life, which wither in the end,
and changes like all.
just like those camels
Indeed, at first appears
which cross continents
that the condition is alike
and take on their hump
what you have past experienced
people which fear emptiness,
yet immediately a thing’s revealed.
cling to preciseness
Do you pay attention to changes?
and the desert hence reveals
Do you pay attention to nicknames,
that the sand collects
which you paste on the condition?
life and death in circle,
thus condition as a problem stands,
like its friend, the wave,
and starts a search for a solution.
that rise and fall and crash,
For a problem is a matter of lack.
the pattern it shatters,
It appears that plain adding drill
among many oceans
will let you float in space,
where fish procreate.
but the condition inside a boat it sails, Then comes a fisherman and Fish-a-Fish
pretends not to be decorated
Longer Worry Knot,
with all kinds of titles as good or bad.
thus a smile spreads on his thin lips
The condition is simply the occasion.
as his thoughts have changed.

62

[] That which has happened (and is happening) inside of
me I cannot fully expose, since that is not possible. There
are reservoirs inside of me, experiences inside of me,
which are for me alone, not because I “wish” not to share
them, but for I have no possibility of doing so.
That is for every man.
The essence cannot be revealed. There are, so called,
secrets, which remain in the custody of that man, and it
matters not whether another can read his thoughts or
sense his feelings.
The limitation which exists in the mental capacity of
man, which rely (the capacity) on the physical body, is
particularly fascinating.
The Truth continued unveiling the curtain and shedding
more light onto this subject. All her words were meant
for my ears only, and are written, since that is how it was
supposed to happen.
There are worn out words, repeated, among many
people’s mouths concerning observation, presence, and
such alike. It appears to me that I either have
misunderstood many people, which have spoken about
it, or I sense not my realization in theirs, or they have
simply not transmitted me, that they are really “there”,
but only borrowed the word from the dictionary.
It might certainly be possible that about me same is being
told. Certainly might be.
63

[] It matters not.
Simply a point.
The ability to discover that inside the human structure, I
am kind of inducting here, out of my experience, of
course, that ability to discover, that parts exist within
us, unchangeable parts, that thing is almost
inexplicable .
That is a kind of an ice cream, that a man can only realise
its taste on his own “ﬂesh”, his “tongue”, his “palate”.
To be in the place I am in my life, supposedly in my
chronological age (34), and see the Truth (the
subjective?) telling me all that, that is a special kind of an
experience.
The Truth continued revealing about inside and outside,
changeable and unchangeable, powerlessness and
power.
All the time there is a movement (as long as one is alive,
it appears) between absence of meaning and meaning,
between health and sickness, etc.
In the recent period I have been exposed to see that
something exists between them, between every duo of
words, duo of deﬁnitions, duo of limitations.
I hear all that for myself, write all that for myself, forget
and remembers all that for myself.
The human structure is so fascinating in each one of its
parts, powerless and powerful as they may be.
64

[] The Truth began talking again about “fear”.
As fear exists, exists lack of fear, thus the equation is
being created and erased.
It is amazing to discover how the asthma and its effects,
mostly, matter not anymore. That is, the result matters
not.
I went to a doctor, I took a medicine, I slept well or not, I
refused to the medicine, how it all was resolved.
Something is bound to happen, and the perspective
through which I see what I see, creates a space of time
which appears not to exist for most people. So it appears
to me from random encounters with several people
around me.
One generalises very easily about the human species,
despite that in his life one meets, most likely, ten
thousand people? a hundred thousand? I mean also
people we pass by in the street.
Out of seven, eight billion people, we bump in our life a
small sample, a tiny precentage, yet, our nature, the
human nature (and again I generalise) is to generalise.
I am apparently no different in this way, and I laugh
hearing all that.
Again, that is also my limitation in my humanness, my
structure.
Inasmuch…
65

[] Well, it appears it is enough for the thirteenth chapter.
Asthma, limitations and what is between them.

66

[] Chapter 14: 8-Sep-2018 11:15
Chapter 14 opened with the idea of puberty.
The Truth began laying out to me, in relation to the place
or life’s period where I lay now, about two maturing
phases, different maturing periods.
If we would say “a teenager”, most likely, we would
picture a boy (or a girl) of around 15 years old, more or
less, and we as humans would accept more moderately
his behaviour, accepting it, relatively to his behaviour.
All under the title of “Puberty”.
All valid and is clear, existing and familiar.
Now, several months after age 34, the second puberty,
perhaps even more accurate chronologically, receives
different shade and relation from the surrounding.
The Truth was clear to me as for the existing challenge of
a teenager at age 30 to adapt his life style and his
behaviour according to his maturing age. He is after all
“teenager 2”, if we wish to create a sequel.
Yet at this puberty (between 30-40) the external
environment is no longer so, principally, tolerant,
accepting and permissive towards that same maturing
teenager of age 30.
The Truth has sent me to search in Google the song “‫הילד‬
30 ‫“( ”בן‬the kid is 30”) by Ehud Banai.
67

[] It is obvious for all, and most obvious that not obvious
for all, that there is something special and different in
this puberty, age of 30.
The Truth began telling me about things I am still facing
with, according to my age, 34.
“Teenager 1” (12-18 or even up to 30) sometimes
experiences the disarray and the resistance which come
at his doorstep due to his biological development. His
mental development is not yet standing aligned with his
biological-physiological, physical, development.
The dissonance is clearly apparent, to those who have
past this phase.
In the second phase, “Teenager 2”, 30-40 (and perhaps
up to 50, I do not know), the ratio between the physical
development to the mental development is beginning to
balance, and the mental development, supposedly,
catches up the pace (in a metaphorical sort of way).
The Truth has spoken of, that with most of society, with
most people, with most relationships (in a generalisation
which I know not where is taken), people are trying to
hasten the mental development (which is, of course, not
really possible to hasten), and already at age 25, more or
less, it is expected from a teenager, that his physical and
mental levels to equate.
The recognition already exists that it is not achievable,
yet the external inﬂuence is apparent.
68

[] Furthermore when this teenager crosses age 30, and I am
at this stage can toll and tell up to 34.
Few are the lucky ones which can experience successfully
and with reduced environmental resistance the second
puberty, the oh-so-vital, this I experience and others
tell, to the “functional” development, the healthy one,
of man.
The Truth laughed and guessed that one will ridicule or
nod reading these words, and say “that is obvious”, but
there is a profound essential (in Hebrew requires just a
replace of two letters - ‫מהותי‬, essential, and ‫תהומי‬,
profound) difference between an experience of that, a
deep realisation, to a nod and an acceptance like a dog
nodding in front of a candy handed to him on the palm of
his owner.
She spoke not to those, that not at all see that and their
expectations of their children are double as much in
comparison to the child’s age, or even triple.
The ignorance that exists in the connection between a
parent and a child can be seen, in most of these
relationships.
It is not “just” about inexperience, and some would say
“a ﬁrst child”.
It is a readiness and an awareness and a timing which are
correct by the parent, the mechanism which is more
“ready” to embrace into its life that infant.
That is our journey as human beings.
69

[] It is not a kitten which I see outside my balcony, which is
born and all its concern is shelter, food, movement.
Inasmuch, when it is fed at two months of age by a
human hand.
A human-cub is in a different process, completely
different, and the comparison between man and animal,
its place perhaps is in the movie “Tarzan”.
This is no complaint and no Truth, that is a perspective.
The Truth made sure to repeat that to me.
“Puberty 2”, the sequel to “Puberty 1”, and the ﬁlm
keeps on rolling, and the Truth as well.
End of Chapter Fourteen.

70

[] Chapter 15: 12-Sep-2018 15:45
The ﬁfteenth chapter has opened.
End of noon and an “unclear” dash, as it appears, to Rosh
Pina, to eat hummus at “Hummus Eliyahu”
That is the “outside”.
To three teenaged boys joined a teenaged girl and one
could notice how that “attracted” my attention.
That is also the “outside”.
I rolled, literally, from Amirim to Moran Garage in the
kibbutz and from there the body simply decided to drive,
and the mind was left to guess only where we are
heading.
There was a hunger sensation, and the mind inside
“gambled” and tried to guess where would the stop spot
be.
“Hummus Eliyahu” was one of the guesses, while during
that, the mind thinks of this place or the other which
stands at the side of the road as we were driving the car.
That is also the “outside”.
The Truth tried to describe something about outside and
inside. So many details attract our attention outside and
are the themes of the discussion.

71

[] I could sense how the blond kid in front attracted my
attention, and I could feel a certain sensation inside as I
watch him brieﬂy.
So has happened with other objects.
The Truth already, and after that, and still, explains of a
path with one arrow, with one direction. No cause and
effect, allegedly. No walking a certain direction to return
in a relative direction to it.
The Truth laughed and could see that the “subject” is not
obvious, clear.
A progress with no goal, on the surface.
A progress with no plans.
“I” am the prisoner (non-prisoner) that is most
imprisoned-free there is with the utmost proud-humility
there is.
Something is happening “inside”.
All the time something is happening “inside” though the
“outside” tries to claim ownership of it all the time, or
most of the time.
I listen to the sounds outside, to the sensations inside,
and these lack of goal and direction, anyhow those which
are not accessible anymore to the mind, engender a
sensation of a lake. An image.
The Truth already said that everything is as usual.
Driving an unknown path. She elaborated on the world
72

[] of thrills.
The Thrill of turning the unknown to known, and the
difﬁculty in remaining in the unknown, and simply
watch what rises out of it. All that in different temporary
scales - a moment, an hour, a day, a month, a year, a
decade.
I spoke with Zehra yesterday about that if we suggest to
people, most people, to practice a small portion, for a
small period, the experiment we go through
(separately), that would be a very difﬁcult challenge for
them.
A few years into these experiment and journey, there are
things which turn obvious, taken for granted anyhow.
The observation and the waiting for the “average
person” (a generalisation for this sake of matter) is
“work”.
Experimenting a life with no purpose, which fulﬁl them
being life, thus fulﬁl their purpose, all that sounds like
an impasse or hollow to most man.
A philosophy at most.
The sensation of becoming free within the jailhouse is a
unique sensation of a kind.
The “inside”, literally, cannot truly be described.
There are things that are meant for oneself only.
The Truth knew to tell of an observation for the sake of
observation, waiting for the sake of waiting, experience
73

[] for the sake of experience (waiting originally), writing
for the sake of writing, breathing for the sake of
breathing.
It sounds at times very boring, like writing an equation,
1=1.
At face value there is nothing “special” here, yet that is
all what matters, and the moment that a man
experiences and realises from within, some would say
“deeply”, this equation, supposedly many “things”, or
“problems” in the language of many people, are
resolved.
The Truth said that there are situations which a man
prefers to suppress, to ignore, to change. They are called
with names as “stuck”, “fatigue”, “embarrassment” at
times, “danger”, “boredom”, and those are just few
examples.
It seems this chapter is in the sign of “stuckness”.
As you read the words the time gaps between one line to
another, one paragraph to another, do not exist in what
is written.
One could have imagined that, so each line represents a
few seconds or a minute, and many pages will remain
empty in certain moments, which contain (the pages)
that same situation, to a certain degree even that same
sensation.

74

[] At this stage since I have not left a number of empty
pages, I will leave that to the imagination.
It seems these are still dictations of writing order.
All that was written in Rosh Pina.
All in all in Rosh Pina. That is all.
Thus got stuck here the ﬁfteenth chapter.

75

[] Chapter 16: 20-Sep-2018 09:20
Chapter sixteen began in a new place.
A red table, ﬁg, olive and oak trees, House 77.
I am no longer certain whether I laugh at what the Truth
speaks or she laughs seeing my behaviour and my life.
The last days which are passing, are in sign of transition,
in sign of air, acclimatisation and climate.
It appears that the outside stories tell mostly about two
ends of the rope, good and bad, happiness and sadness,
health and sickness.
The Truth knew to touch the enormous gap which exists
between two ends, two extremes.
That is something different than mediocrity, she began
telling me.
That part in between the ends does not necessarily
resemble mediocrity but it is a collection of moments
that depends on the perspective - a binocular, a
telescope, a microscope, sun glasses, prescription
glasses, etc - which change and could, or are, unique in
and of themselves.
The Truth told me of words’ inﬂuences, of the different
contexts we attribute to them, of habits, of
conditionings.

76

[] All this movement of the mind between one extreme to
the other, each extreme is anchored with waiting, in to a
life force of a certain rhythm (until it changes, if at all).
Observation.
One can approach Google and search for that word, she
said.
One can also approach endless lessons, workshops,
lectures, doctrines, theories, and hear and learn about
observation.
There is something interesting in that one can hear
resemblance between ‫( התבוננות‬hitbonenut observation in Hebrew) and ‫( בינוניות‬beynoniyut mediocrity in Hebrew).
The Truth has sent me to imagine a picture of an azure
still (?) lake, and if one wishes, go and search Google’s
search engine for “Azure Lake”, if no picture one’s
imagination engenders.
Each one and his resources in hand.
I assume that this day is in sign of unique mediocrity.
How this adjective changes the shade of the word. Also
mediocrity can be described in a very broad spectrum.
Perhaps even an inﬁnite -

∞

The Truth began revealing me a thing about the
connection between observation and mediocrity.
That is a connection which can be interpreted and
77

[] experienced (not necessarily in this order) over a whole
book, a whole life.
The enter and exit space from mediocrity upwards
towards uniqueness and downwards towards mundanity,
bring with it a whole world.
The Truth told me that one could type searching Google
“Death and Life are in the power of the Tongue”
There is such a book, in English.
There are stories about the inﬂuence of the tongue and in
this case the word, the language, and not the taste and
the touch which exist in the tongue, the power to turn
illusion into reality or reality into illusion, turn
experience into a story and a story into an experience.
When I was a child it appeared that one should avoid
death by tongue, so I understood this maxim, the stories.
Today already revealed to me the Truth more layers.
How the tongue and its stories bring death to that which
is meant to die in order for something else to live
instead.
The other side exists - the Truth revives a story which is
meant to live.
“and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life” - one
can search Google, she whispered, in the old and new
testament.
Stories like the tree, touch the ground, spread their
roots, grow their trunk, split their branches, expand
their leaves, and produce their fruits, and
78

[] “eventually” (?) blossom their ﬂower, which detach from
them coming time, not before the bee will come and take
their sweetness and cast honey from it in a collaborative
craft with its coworkers, its sisters, as effoliation comes
and detach the leaves from the tree, thus from the story,
to create another.
The ﬂedglings that have left the nest.
Thus one can connect between a story to a tree to
ﬂedglings in such a line.
Association, context, the Truth has sent the user to
search in Google in order to receive a stamp or at least a
light explanation and further description.
The Truth whispered in my ear, that the stories are
meant for me, and I laughed (or smiled) at this
cognisance.
Like the tree growing for itself, yet serves willingly and
unwillingly the circle of life around it.
“The Giving Tree” - she said again that one can approach
Google and search the book in English, in Hebrew and
many languages.
Some will judge the book “for good”, “for bad”,
“positively”, “negatively”.
That she said as well can be found in Google’s search
engine.
Possibly one might bump an elucidation of the book from
his landlord who feeds 30 cats.
It is possible.
79

[] Fascinating mediocrity, and reticent observation?
Distant observation?
Hesitant observation?
Amused observation?
Receding mediocrity.
The mediocre sixteenth chapter maundered to an end.

80

[] Chapter 17: 24-Sep-2018 09:00
Chapter seventeen opened. Another chapter.
Stopping.
Waiting.
Breathing.
Limitation.
Breathing.
Waiting.
Stopping.
It was obvious for the Truth that to write about the void
meaning to vanish it utterly.
There are things which can only exist when no one
mentions them.
Not to himself and not to others.
All the more not to others.
The good, the bad and the ugly Another movie which the Truth has sent one of us to
search on the “shelves” of Google.
The limitation of being human.
Clouded and clung on our memories, our habits, our
sensations, our wishes.
The transitions from good to bad to ugly, and even to
pretty, and to easy and used, to new, to old and to the
changeable.

81

[] The Truth broke in like an antidote, one day, a week, a
month, a year, a period.
It is an encumbrance to be alive, to be a human being.
Now began the Truth breaking down this term encumbrance.
She began exposing to me the problematics of presenting
encumbrance in a limited way. She began showing how a
transition from encumbrance to relief creates a life
story.
That is all.
The burden is not bad.
The relief is not good.
Both are neither ugly.
Had their order, the adjectives, would have been
reversed, then neither would it matter.
The limitation of seeing our encumbrance, of trying to
solve it, trying to linger and stay and stick with relief that is as well an encumbrance.
So the swing between burden and relief swings up-down
and no child in the playground ever complains that now
he is up while his playmate is down.
It is obvious in a few playing moments the high would go
down, and the low would rise up.
There are people who tell of
their optimistic experiences.
82

[] There are people who tell of
their pessimistic experiences.
There are people who are neutralised
from telling stories.
Yet each one has a story and each side comes with the
help of the other.
That is sort of another day in which could the Truth have
sent me searching after eucalyptus trees and birds’ chirp,
and a hidden scenery of Kineret (Sea of Galilee)
There is an inner voice inside of me, which speaks in
words, and it guides me no longer.
It only wants to resolve the situation, to transit from
hard to easy, from bad to good, etc.
It has a story to tell, in due time, and that is all, in due
pen-time (time is “et - ‫ ”עת‬in Hebrew, and so is a pen,
“et - ‫)”עט‬.
There is a laughter-daughter (a smile - Bat-Tzkhok in
Hebrew) which spreads on man’s face, no matter what
his “condition” is.
There is a laughter rolling on man’s face, no matter what
his “quality” is.
There are people and something in me, as well, some
times.
A bird on the right chirped, and a bird on the left chirped
back.
They called to end chapter seventeen.
83

[] Chapter 18: 25-Sep-2018 16:36
He stood in front of me in the playground.
He asked “what do you know?” (in Hebrew)
“I don’t know”, I replied.
“Do you pay attention?”, he asked.
“I don’t know”, I replied.
“Do you pay attention that you pay attention?”, he
continued and asked.
“I don’t know”, I replied again.
“Do you notice that you are here?”, asked.
“Ah-hun”, I replied.
“Do you speak Hebrew?”, he asked.
“I don’t know”, I replied.
“There are people which pass through their life without
paying attention to their life”, he said.
“Ah-hun”, I replied.
“You are ok!” (in English) he determined and laughed.
“Ah-hun”, I replied.
He put out his hand at me, and I put out my hand which
was sticky from mango.
He shook it goodbye, smiled and went away.
I continued towards the tap to wash my hand from the
sticky mango, and the handshake stayed where we both
stood on the grass.
Thus began and ended chapter ‫( ח״י‬18 in gematria and
alive in Hebrew).
84

[] Chapter 19: 27-Sep-2018 14:14
She stopped in front of me outside the playground.
It appeared to be the ﬁrst time we have met.
Anyhow from the depth of my memory rose no inkling
whatsoever, which could incline I have seen her before.
“How are you?”, she asked (in plural masculine Hebrew).
“I don’t know”, I replied, and wondered who are those
“we”.
“How are you?” (Again plural) she continued asking me
and myself.
She smiled.
“Who are those we?”, I asked back.
She looked at me with eyes wide open, trying to ﬁgure
out the meaning of my answers.
“All is well with you?” (again plural) she did not give up,
and all in an amusing atmosphere.
“I don’t know”, again I replied.
She looked at me for a couple of seconds without saying a
word.
“Well, I guess I got confused”, she said and went up the
children’s garden, and laughed from the random
encounter.
That same day I saw the book “Man’s search for
meaning” in the bookcase, I took it out and read a few
pages.

85

[] I dozed while reading and went out afterwards to a round
up and down the village.
As I came back, towards the end of the uphill, coming
home, she stopped, this time with her car and asked,
“Do you get somewhere?”
“Sometimes”, I replied.
She again laughed.
She carried on her drive and I my foot march, about
another 50 meters, home.
It appeared that the Truth presented herself in two
amusing characters.
Mr. “What do you know?” and Ms. “Do you get
somewhere?”
Brieﬂy sealed thus the Truth chapter 19.

86

[] Chapter 20: 6-Oct-2018 9-10am
Chapter twenty opened.
The Truth knows to tell me of half world laughs and half
world cries (roughly estimated 50-50).
She also knew to tell me that half will ridicule reading of
the Truth here, and half will nod smilingly agreeing.
Thus world works.
She began showing her signs that Google’s search engine
is Google’s search engine.
“Did you understand?”, she asked me.
“Yes, but not sure others will understand.”, I said.
She spread wide in her sit, wherever it is, and added,
“such is the thing.”
She claimed that this is one of the reasons that Google’s
search engine exists.
“It exists because there is no certainty that others
understand.”, thus spoke she.
It was the elucidating day in front of the Kineret-like
view, old couple behind, young couple in front, a young
woman crouching, sitting on the grass, and I am settled
on the grass behind.
“Lorenzia? Lorenzia?”, asked-called the old man.
“Yes”, she answered (Lorenzia?)
87

[] “Shall we go?”, asked the old man, and added,
“Vamos?”.
“Yes”, answered Loernzia (the young woman), and stood
up in his direction as they exchange several words in
Spanish.
The Truth told me that one can take this experience and
put it in Google’s search world.
“Nothing bad nor good about it”, she clariﬁed.
“Nothing bad nor good about it”, she repeated and
emphasised.
As you type into Google’s search engine your
experiences, and of course, it is done indirectly, mostly,
with the help of Google’s siblings and cousins, exist the
typing experience, the sharing, stamping the
experience, the memory of the experience, in a more
preserved collective consciousness.
The Truth started saying about a fresh pineapple and a
preserved pineapple.
Immediately jumped people here and there.
Good or bad, healthy or sickening, fresh or mouldy.
The Truth said it is none of her concern entering such
pifﬂing matters as these.
There are those who will eat a fresh pineapple, and those
who will eat a preserved pineapple.
“It is merely a difference of experience”, she said.
“There are those who will understand closer to the
message which you are meant to deliver, and there are
88

[] those, who will understand farther from the message
which you wish to deliver”, she said, as if to relieve the
concern.
“I am not trying to relieve the concern!”, immediately
she exclaimed with a rolling laughing voice.
I laughed along with her.
My Truth, myself and the pineapple.
Thus ended her sayings for chapter twenty.
(and in the meantime the viewpoint emptied from all its
inhabitants beside me).

89

[] Chapter 21: 12-Oct-2018
Chapter twenty one was written in the sign of crossing
the bank (a telling - in Hebrew ‫ הגדה‬- ‘Hagada' can mean
the (river)bank or a telling(story)).
The Truth began describing to me the resemblance to
Seder Pessakh (Passover Order).
There is none here which is spoken in Passover Telling
neither “and you told to your sons” (‫ והגדת לבניך‬Ve’higadeta Leh’banekha).
She knew to show me, that I have crossed the river and
passed over to the other bank.
Something in life changed, and there are people hanging
on thread, hanging on a rope/bridge of Google’s search
engine.
That is one example of many.
She has sent me to read of “a metaphor” in Google’s
search engine, in that same invisible bridge of
information.
I have crossed to the other bank, and crossing the river
using that same bridge, one which is parallel to Google
search engine’s bridge, where the path of the bridge is “blocked”, “misunderstood”, “unknown”, “one that
does not give answers”.
That was apparently the bridge which I have crossed,
passing over to the other bank, thus told me the Truth.
90

[] All that as I was sitting back in the city after two months,
next to the bus station.
One of many, in Ramat Gan, leaning on business door
which had been closed and received a warning note not
to place “for Rent” advertisement boards without
permission.
It appears to be that when one crosses the bank, all that
is left in due time is to speak of the bank (or speak of a
telling).
“Ve’higadeta” - and you have told - to the one who was
interested hearing.
There are those which do not see that there is a bridge to
cross, which do not see rivers and brooks, roads and
paths.
Their path is neither more blocked nor more (or less)
clear from your path.
Thus the Truth, truthfully, truthiﬁed that morning.

91

[] Way Out Road
(8-8-2017,07:00)

The path is blocked?
Turns magical,
if you only fear not,
to get lost,
you find in a blink,
that you are trapped.
Driving thus
a crooked path,
certain that the spirit,
must be dry,
indeed, there is dust,
dirt flies all over,
once you grasp,
calling out “what the hell?!?”
A new path
thus revealed to you,
and crooked path
turns all of you,
and as you drive upon it,
knowing not to where
a sensation rising floating,
truly drunk from wine.
You know not
which is beyond the corner

and that is precisely the way
towards that Wu Wei.
Some minutes
driving anxiously,
for a moment it appears,
that you are but a scout.
Living in a cloud of dust
paying rent
in life of struggle,
and in the next curve,
suddenly you see,
for that part is over,
ahead lies a new road
marked and paved,
and to another turn,
you are now invited.
Honoured down you go
from old crooked path
up towards a path,
a changing path.
No bumps
No obstacles nor pits,
that is a unique way,
for those who fail.
92

[] And as you have crossed the bank to some other side, and
perhaps your life are “more” clear, “more” peaceful,
“more” good, that is all that it is.
The Truth engendered a smile. On her face.
And then on my face.
She recommended to search in Google’s search engine
for the word “grey”.
Simply observe.
Also after several chapters, several decades, several falls
and several stories - it is all that it is.
No more and no less.
The Truth said, that there is no place to elucidate, to
simplify, to explain. People should be treading their own
path. You should be treading your path. She said to me,
that those who try all the time to search, to ﬁnd, to
understand, to know, those know well Google’s search
engine. It is that food supplier, wonderful, as a supplier.
It distributes the food and there are the producers
making for it matter to be distributed in the world of
seekers.
In the real world, the virtual.
I could feel the story, the present message of the Truth,
coming to its end.
Perhaps it was from holding the left part of the notebook
(written in Hebrew), and from the light thin sensation
from holding the amount of pages.
93

[] She as well did not know to tell.
We both smiled and knew not whether we understand
each other.
And we smiled.
Thus silenced chapter twenty one.

94

[] Chapter 22: 13-Oct-2018 12:00
The twenty second chapter began.
The Truth knew to tell me of the tingling of waiting.
Thoughts pass through one’s head, sensations run across
his body.
“Again the story of the egg and the chicken”, said the
Truth.
You can search that in Google’s search engine for the
Pshat and Drash (Pshat - simple understanding, Drash further understanding. in a rough translation - ‫פשט‬
‫)דרש‬.
Perhaps even the Sod (Secret) and even perhaps the
Remez (clue).
Disclaimer, hinted me the Truth.
The part of the “‫“( ”פ_דס‬P_DS”) I remembered. The
term itself and the second letter or the fourth term I
forgot.
Google’s search engine came to help me, adding up the
letter “PaRDeS” (‫ פרדס‬- meaning Pshat, Remez, Drash,
Sod) and added the “Remez” (the Clue), just like in the
game of life.
And the Truth returned talking about the egg and the
chicken, of stories in the head and sensations in the body
- some will say stories preceded sensations, and some
will say sensations caused stories.
95

[] The Truth ridiculed at those discussions, like that same
farmer which throw seeds at the chickens, and continues
collecting their eggs, and not at all tries to understand
where came this parable, as he approaches his breakfast
or lunch.
So sometimes psychosomatic phenomenas, and
sometimes somapsychotic, and this strange day as well,
continued the Truth to tell, is part of the days of the year
and from the chapter of life.
She carried on saying, that this book was not born for
some purpose, but simply to present for looks, an empty
one, in a not so glamorous window, her parts and twists,
her wonders and her understandings.
Or sometimes one should be exact, her
misunderstandings.
The alternative of boredom for thrill, and observation for
ﬂoating, and for dreams, and delusions, and again the
pull of the ground, or, again emphasised the Truth,
Newton and the apple, and how one can search and ﬁnd
many meanings and many images around that in
Google’s search engine.
The challenge, thus she said, which occurs or presented
in this book, is the “nothing”, the “boredom”, “lack of
thrill”, “the tingling”, “ﬁlling up the vacuum” (illusion).
The Truth laughed (again) and said that she has no
problem seeing people distancing from her, may the
reason be what it may be.
96

[] She added that her way is not to create or dictate
anything, and not at all to force something or to interest
or to upset.
And these are merely few and speciﬁc inﬁnitives, and the
reader can, allowed to, choose inﬁnitives which suit
him.
The Truth already came to light (was published) and on
her way long time ago, and told me that she writes here
and telling that for me, for you.
Stories with a message and with a meaning, with a plot
and with heroes - all that exists a-mass, thus she clariﬁed
to me.
She, in the time who-knows-how-many, referred me to
search that in Google, even in Amazon, and to those
analogues, also the library, perhaps the municipal.
Stories with purpose.
Stories with meaning.
No stories without meaning, yet with a meaning.
Not to interest the reader, not to attract him, not to
thrill him and not to reject him.
Not to be worried from your fears, from your life, from
its meaning, from the lack of it.
You will not ﬁnd that in words.
And even if you will ﬁnd, you will lose it the moment
after.
97

[] “All that I have already revealed to you!”, exclaimed the
Truth.
“All that I have revealed to all the rest.”, She shared me
into her revealed secret.
Humans which will see this - will see.
Humans which will not see this - will not see.
We have spoken already of the simple law with is
treasured in the equation 1=1.
As I feared came - awareness.
And the twenty second chapter was completed.

98

[] Chapter 23: 2-Nov-2018 12:25
Chapter twenty three began.
Void.
Void.
Void.
People sitting in different shapes in Café 77.
It appeared that all life’s message is to be meaning.
The Truth spoke of that those which could be
understood, ﬁnd themselves either outcasted or silenced
in a corner, or both altogether.
She said that one should not conclude from that of the
outcasts or the silenced in the corner, which are not
necessarily not possible to be understood.
She sent me searching Google for the terms “crazy”,
“outcast”, “estranged”.
Mostly all relation we make between these words to
reality itself is very slim.
The Truth told me that the majority perhaps will not
agree with that, and that it is alright.
Most probably.
Yes? Probable to the most.
A neighbour asked me few days ago, in the beginning of
the week, if it does not bother me that I am being called
“crazy” or being looked as “crazy”.

99

[] There was a moment of hesitation, which foretold
apparently an “I do not know” answer.
Nonetheless, her question was surprising, since that was
the ﬁrst moment we happened to “exchange words”.
Several of my sentences brought her to a feeling of
identiﬁcation with the “crazy” aspect.
It seems she meant more, in my eyes of course, to
“stranger”, “other”.
The Truth has sent one to search for “The Stranger” by
Alber Camus in Google’s search engine.
She shared (the neighbour) estranged feelings which she
experiences towards herself from an environment which
once apparently was supporting and familiar.
The distance from familiar to estranged is one letter
distance (in Hebrew - ‫ מוכרת‬and ‫)מנוכרת‬, 50 short steps,
light brush up and down towards the left.
“It is crazy to be normal” - I heard this cliché once. Very
familiar and like quiche - a bit mixed all together.
This whole book, the words, the ideas, the sights, all is
interwoven with a crimson thread estranged in one layer
to next.
Familiar - Known - Understood.
A triplet which people chase up to an upheaval.
In themselves, in others, inside, outside.
100

[] The strange matter is that in most of my layers, I appear
to myself, I sense, I am been experienced - completely
normal.
It seems that people are confusing between Uniqueness and Madness.
A book I was once sent to read, and the Truth began
typing its name “Lila - an inquiry into morals” by Robert M. Pirsig.
How people are relieved that one can break (that is an
illusion) the bothering of the not known - not familiar not understood, through opening the laptop (or the
smart cellular device which contains almost “only”
memory and a bit of limited processing capacity), and
type into Google or its daughter-business Youtube, and
receive the illusion of knowing-familiarisingunderstanding.
The problem or the theme treasured in craziness, in the
“crazy”, is the fear inherent in uniqueness, in true
uniqueness, in differentiating from the stream, from the
rest, from the familiar to the estranged (in Hebrew from ‫ מוכר‬to ‫)מנוכר‬.
That is a fear which the ultimate vast majority of us is not
prepared for.
I am no crazy and I am no unique, and I am not no crazy
and I am not no unique.
101

[] The name we would call a speciﬁc phenomena is not the
primary matter, as I see, true to the moment.
The last days, the weeks, perhaps even a month, seemed
to have passed in a “standing”, “not moving” state completely normal.
The “normals”, which mostly (here, again you
generalise, said the Truth, and said that perhaps for the
story sometimes there is no choice, in order to deliver a
certain message, not a certain truth) get stuck, and it is
hard for them with this strange state. It appears people
will do anything to break the stuck, remove the
boredom.
It is not a journey of madness, to normalcy. There is a
part deﬁnitions-free.
“As long as you live in the realms of the word”, exposed
the Truth half-shining-white (and half..?) teeth, “there
is no escape from deﬁnitions.”
“The nature of the world exists not in the nature of the
world”, she added, “whether you understand, and
whether you do not.”
All that was said and written with no further thought.
Perhaps the next pages will be ﬁlled.
Perhaps not.
House 77 menu is lying in front of me.
Mario Vargas Llosa through his book “The
Storyteller” (El Hablador, ‫)הדברן‬, which belonged (the
book) to my father.
102

[] A man awaits an order.
Of a waiter.
And perhaps not.
Shabat Shalom chapter twenty three.

103

[] Chapter 24: 11-Nov-2018 17:15
The twenty fourth chapter began.
Strong sensations pushed me to go out of the house and
sit down “at Yishai’s”.
Fears or rush, sensations or blush, when different sounds
try to interpret, many sounds on the water surface,
externally, already knew how to interpret things in the
past and also in the recent time.
The Truth still knew to tell me that things which are not
clear are sentenced to go out to the world, ﬁrst not
elucidated, and with time, perhaps, the right
interpreters will be found, and the accurate, the clear,
ones.
Different interpreters of fear, seeded with fear, washed
with fear themselves.
The attempt to describe the reality by a man held in
illusion, its sentence is as a claustrophobic which will
remain calm at him being locked up in a cave.
He will only search for the exit and not for the light. He,
from so much fear, mostly will not be able to see the
crack of light, which indicates the exit place (and the
entrance).
A sensation grabbed me, which the mind (head if you
wish) interpreted, that my words no one will read, that I
will stay lonely.
104

[] I immediately smiled inside of me hearing such virus,
and the Truth knew that she had nothing to add in such a
moment.
Only wait.
I do not understand, sometimes, how one can feel
lonely, forsaken , forlorn, when one has himself.
A quite rhetorical question. I am one of many man, 8
billion if we punch some number which I have no true
clue as to estimating it.
Had that been dependant on my head (mind, if you
wish), the fear would have stayed forever. It never knew
how to handle with the changing fear slides.
The Truth.
A certain chapter, a certain story, a certain period,
futured to come to an end.
Also the Truth knew to tell that her end will come one
time. She could not hold forever, and perhaps never
have existed.
She herself laughed hearing and reading this thought.
The Truth knew that she exists in False as much as False
exists in her.
She knew that the search for her would cease at one
point, perhaps she will be declared missing, perhaps a
gravestone will be built for her, the epitaph will be
105

[] written in a language not yet existing, in meaningless
words.
“Who shall provide me a man who has lost the word, that
I can exchange a word with him”, my father used to
quote many times Chuang Tzu (it appears to me) from
“The Sounds of Earth” by Yoel Hoffmann.
I have not lost the words, and as it seems I shall not lose
it, and good and bad for that, and reality and illusion for
that.
Sadness ﬁlled with happiness, and happiness saturated
with sadness.
I stood up to drink lukewarm water.
The Truth. In between-time.
Chapter 24 settled for this end.

106

[] London’s on ﬁre
or
how a wheel keeps on turning
(9:00 ,15-6-17)

how every Jew must,
Sitting two in hot morning
destroy there every citizen
Shmuel, Avraham and I their guest
shortly named Avram, Shmulik
muslim son of Arab land
nicknamed me mr. Mastulik.
in frozen days, in burning days.
From distance one Christian
Their age seventy, ninety,
mostly he is scared,
mine Thirty, I emphasise the mark.
My time with stories pleasurably they pass looks at the two hostile men
my face thus welcome.
and lets the eggs thus
This time “London on fire, have you heard?
break to right, to left,
nothing is new, same ol’ yesterday,
it must be some kind of sign!
the day before, sun sets,
All at once the whole building up
same day turns yet yesterday.
in flames went, easily,
how could that be?”
Being times there are more religions
wondered Neighbour Shmulik.
among them even cults,
yet in each classes mostly
Exclaimed, “that must be a hand of terror,
if you look them closely
which despicably
notice background matters not,
pours so flammable matter
and the bandit slips to hide.
each class educates to split,
Muslim fingerprint! obvious!
with separates thus rules,
every failing man,
They call it liberation!
differentiates not truth from false
Yet in such mean way?
and chases investigation which in the
All son of this religion sinned!”
thus determined undoubtedly,
interpersonal understanding flat tire
another justice court? no need!
I claim to my client.
What I see true,
On the other side of globe
you truly false,
sits Ishmael driven
willing to swear that
Motivation, will and power
proves to any brain
someone took Truth

107

[] and if he is at health or not
paid her for 5 star hotel,
because once not due to him,
slept with her thereof.
we missed a train there,
Thus spread many truths,
for very complex map,
with their mother they confront,
and also colourful TV
and many different searchers,
and vegan restaurant,
theories they mostly build,
I was told about that city,
attempting to find thus the mother,
it is the work of tiny brain.
and every finding at once tastes,
Muslims, TV, Firetruck,
from sixty seconds fame
all wears natural form.
and biting after Truth
If the form you trust
disappears as came
and at her you claim
next in line, welcome.
the cause for occasion
We return to burning London,
know that it is not at all bad.
and which religion storms,
You are where you are
he keeps updating,
and as long as you breath
“Every poor one knows,
by your lungs
the firetruck must be at hand
you can testify your calls
to overtake vast fire,
to anyone out there
that is London! not Persia!
without missing what is worthy.
There is vast matrix there,
and London’s eye is not prevented
how can the rescue fail?
from carrying on the move
and people diving thus
for everything continues round
jumping from fifth floor,
between joy and pain.
what a stupid country!”
and all that I recall,
is that I have a fellow there
So there is a story, a parable,
Can U C what U C & what’s cooked?

108

[] Chapter 25: 14-Nov-2018
Chapter twenty ﬁve began and as it seems will last as
long as the twilight will allow its duration.
The sun has set (the earth rotated and turned its back at
her in this side of the globe where I am, the north I
presume).
The story, this chapter, was written in my head during
the walk from home and back.
More precisely, one could say that the ingredients were
collected and told in my head while walking, as the
colours that the sun painted along with the clouds,
created different hues.
The story in this chapter, that I believed even
previously, is different from the cake I was trying to bake
in my head from the different ingredients during the
walk.
I sit on the roof and even the ingredient of the jumping
children on the trampoline, and shouting-talking
(including “metumtemet”, dumb-ass, that was sent to
the open air) changed the cake that is baked in these
pages.
The colours of dusk, the sunset, in this evening, made a
nice (as no other words is in my head to describe it)
background, to the end of the search for Truth in
Google’s search engine, but I could not know for sure
109

[] whether I would write in the coming days, in the
remaining pages.
The sensation that the colours brought with her, as the
sunlight nearly disappeared completely as I write, told of
some kind of an end.
The Truth have known and have told of nearing end also
of Google’s search engine, of her daughter-company,
Youtube, as well.
The end of limit of the collective sharing, the whole
human experience, all human experiences, are shared
visually-acoustically by billions.
From the “small” and “mundane” experience, to the
“big” intellectual, or the “enlightened” (only a story)
experience, and those are but few pastries.
My experience of the sunset today brought for me a clear
message. The winter sunsets here in Amirim, the
beginning of winter, bring a wide spectrum of sky and
clouds, of colours and even smells.
I imagined to take the ingredients, to cook the dish, to
eat it, to watch and sense it making its way down my
digestion system until it exits the excretion holes, the
part that was meant to be excreted, while the main part I
can not see nor clearly sense, except that I keep on
breathing, moving, living, on the basis of these
ingredients, from the digested nutrition.
110

[] Similar to the sharing experience.
The pastel colours over the shades of blue background of
the evening sunset one can try to transmit in language.
One can shoot, video or still image, one can tell and
write, one can draw.
End of limit of sharing.
The primary ingredients have been digested in me ingredients of presence that my hand is too short from
sharing. Human limitation.
Just like the daylight that in these very moments breaths
its last breath, its last steady breaths, unsounded,
casting upon me a writing limitation.
I could turn on another light A candle, a lamp, some sort of ﬁre.
No doubt about it.
And I could also not.
The experience of watching the last seconds, minutes, of
this chapter, perhaps this book.
I almost no longer see that which my hands are writing.
One hand, right, holds the note-book, left hand writing.
I am not disappearing.
The voices of the children are still heard in background.
111

[] The Truth in her breath turned me to search “end songs”
in Google’s search engine The End by The Doors.
A lightning split the sky.
A thunder was heard seconds later.
Yesterday there was a lightning storm for long minutes.
When I will die something of you will die as well.
For we are all one human tissue experience.
In Google one can search of “Khava Alberstein” (‫חווה‬
‫ )אלברשטיין‬and the song “Human Tissue” (‫רקמה‬
‫)אנושית‬, one can ﬁnd there, said the Truth in another
one of her contexts, in Google’s daughter-company, in
Youtube, one can watch the song and hear it.
It may soon rain.
I still sit on the roof.
This is not the story which was generated in my head as I
was walking home.
I never really know what will be written.
These are such days.
One can watch “Games of Chefs” on Youtube.
One can colour with water paints a paint which will be
named “Children Paint”.
One can read the book “The Book of Disquiet” by Pessoa.

112

[] It seemed once that one thing is better than another or
more meaningful than another.
It seemed once.
The days of experiences are counted.
That is reality, that is how this game works, life.
Two more lightenings in the evening sky.
The thunder has not yet arrived.
Perhaps it is late for the train.
It is not a suicide letter.
I never connected to this act.
Life is too alive for that.
That is life’s book.
To life. For the time being.
Ended chapter twenty ﬁve at time thunder came.
Perhaps the book has ended too. Perhaps.

113

[] End of Thing

114

[] 115

[] After Thing: 19-Nov-2018 14:30
It is not that my search after the Truth is over.
It is not that my search after the Truth had began.
I believe marking the points of beginning, middle and
end. I.
Each story leads to its next, each truth to the
accompanying false.
Each false reveals to me truth, and her words are not
carved, certainly not in stone, Amen Selah.
All this apparent game with the words is a trick many of
us fall into the bin it places in our faces.
Begins a false chase after false magic.
After an illusion.
Like you - like me.
The fact that the ink in the pen is about to ﬁnish, can not
prevent from this story to be counted, as well as to be
told.
It matters not whether I change colours, change
languages, change identities.
Where a man cries, another laughs, another caresses.
A baby in a dot in time.
The Truth indeed told me, still does, many stories, some
slipped from me and away. Some adhered.

116

[] I am intoxicated from life.
I am intoxicated from wine.
It matters not.
It matters not how you will imagine my image.
It matters not how my image will become still.
There were days where people.
Simple. Simply there were days where people, and any
clue and any relation between, was.
Thus disappeared the people, thus faded TRUTH.
And yet, the people, they are still in tension.
Not to be described as tension (current) passing between
two electrical units.
It is not about negative or positive.
It is neither about the clear or the obvious.
Amsterdam or Karmi’el.
Basarela or that same café-restaurant in Amsterdam,
which its name slipped my head, in the corner of
Oosterpark.
Sometimes people delay the time to remember a thing
which was not meant to be remembered.
Change of colours. Destiny. Necessity.
I believe I shall read one day my words and burst into
laughter.
Or at least burst.

117

[] The rest, the pause, the stop, the cease, from hearing
the Truth whispering in my ear, inside my head, brought
different sunset shades.
The businessman to my right. It is him.
My message box is content empty, and there were days it
was hard to receive a message which is incoherent,
which is not of clear message.
It is easier for man to digest a burger at noontime, food
that is insatiable - though the man knows satiation.
The menu of life, the daily menu written every moment
anew.
I forgot or gave up already long time ago to pay the tip,
an extra.
For who knew that in 19-Nov-2018, I will see the world
like this, and myself.
I surely did not believe. Of knowing nothing to be spoken
of.
My partners for this journey are but few.
Despite that it has an effect on my journey, from the
validity of relationship of the natural forces which
operate between human beings, it matters not for me,
not at all.
All the more, behold that is ﬁne.
All the less, behold that is ﬁne.
One day After Thing will come to its end.
118

[] 
