Leaf Wind Ground

Autumn has past as the 	leaves	made their last dance...
falling from the tree's branches and landing each and every one 
in its own gracious moment.

The Ground, ready to receive at once each falling	leaf		,
had not made itself
ready for the catch.

As the 	Leaf		not being prepared to softly nor abruptly land,
so the Ground has not spread arms wide to embrace nor disgrace that 
timeless act.

The Leaf neared the Ground being circled by the Wind.
The Wind, as wishing to suspend that inevitable moment...
made its last blow at
the falling Leaf.

The Wind, the temporal suspension,
The Leaf, 
The Ground.

Not Waiting nor Ready.

Their language was of another kind.
Which I comprehended not.

My thought of the leaf crossing to the other side
at changing amplitudes, an ever changing one,
attempted a suspended roll inside.

As the thought passed on to the next moment of the Leaf,
the Ground remained.
The Wind still playing its game of temporality
was not blowing through another leaf.

One Leaf abandoned that endful game, arriving at the Ground,
head first.

At a velocity of sunset in a summer day, 
the Leaf spread wings to land.
Aware of that constant change of the Wind behind
playing with its fellow leaves, that Leaf denounced
its clinging to the Wind.

Solid Earth, temporal in permanency, appears insusceptible to change.

"Change arrives at all and you my dear
will be fallen soon as well." ,
exclaimed the Leaf to Earth.

With these words the Leaf contacted Earth
and stayed for rest.
Its flock united as the play with Wind unwound.
The Wind vanished all at once, felt but unseen.
Its trails are only sensed through recollection.

At a duration which might have lasted many summer days,
until the summer was no longer named,
the Earth had fallen too.

The words of Leaf are ever lasting in duality
of constant changing states.
Where Earth has reassembled,
that I never got to know.

The stories, from Genesis to Jesus's colt or filly foal,
were only fictitious as much as factual.

I swear I have it all somewhere.
My genuinity - I left with you.

As you sailed upon your storyboat into winter's horizon,
to fill up existence's reservoir with nectar of fragmented memories.

I rest assure that your story even untold, will unfold.