The Bare Necessity 

Translated from Hebrew
10-09-2023 12:43

I woke up in the middle of the night, 3:30.
I collapsed into the bed at 21:45.
The cup of coffee I had drunk half an hour earlier,
did not "succeed" in keeping me awake, and I even
did not plan to stay awake or fall asleep.
I was surprised that I fell asleep despite the cafeine 
in my body. I guess it was a long day full of experiences.

I got up and approched the living room and infront of me
I saw Reality and Dream still seated next to the table,
still from the previous evening, but it seemed that they
were asleep.
Pupil's night, no rustle home, and watch them. Rare opportunity.
A thought crossed my mind, if during sleep time they switch roles and Dream lives Reality, while Reality dreams Dream. 
One cannot tell.
I stood in the middle of the room, the teacups still lay
on the the table. Blue, Red, White.
One could still smell the small white mint in the open room,
despite the tea has cooled for sometime.
Stillness. Reality and Dream still seated in my home livingroom, asleep, and I.
Is it what I wished for? that Dream and Reality come together?
That same moment which several hours earlier seemed so magical and special, appeared mundane now.
One could hear the buzzing of the lamp hanging from the ceiling.
Is it only in the middle of the night, in such stillness, dark outside, can Reality and Dream be one in the company of the other?

Suddenly I felt that this moment is not so special. I did not feel melancholy or sadness, but sort of simplicity.
The bearable lightness of being, so I wondered to myself,
pondering Milan Kundera's book - 
"The Unbearable lightness of being", 
which I have read during my first trip in India.

What is that state in which I am at? Dream? Reality? Illusion?
Sometimes in the middle of the night, like hovering thoughts,
so wonders rise in me.
I am the existence, so I have always believed. 
Nothing but Me.

Reality and Dream gathered, asleep, around the dining table,
middle of the night, actors in a show. Show of my life.
I looked at them distinctly, the token dropped.
"Istra Bilgina Kish Kish Karya", my father used to say.
The coin, the token, dived deep in the clay pot within me,
and landing somewhere in the depth, made an echo which could have been heard afar, but from within.
A stranger would not understand it, I thought to myself.
But perhaps it is actually the stranger, he is the one that will understand.

The triplet of existence, dance of life - Reality, Dream, and I.

I could at that moment sit by Dream and another moment by Reality. Or simply in between them. Minor differences one could notice only in their outer appearance.
As they were asleep I doubt if anyone could tell the difference between them.

I headed to boil the waterpot on the fire and I recalled again my father, who used to tell me - 
"Never lower your Language. Not for anyone."

Memories floated in me of S.Y. Agnon, which I used to read in my 20s, and delight on his way of writing and language, on the words that were new to me.
I was consulting my grandfather, Teacher David (Later on, so I heard, he was known by that name in Haifa), over the words and phrases which I did not recognize. I lived Dream and Reality thus together.

Whenabout Dream and Reality seperated and turned different entities? 

As I was enjoying the calm atmosphere at home, from the different thought passing my mind, from observing Reality and Dream as one Body infront of me, the water came to boil and I approached to prepare a cup of tea.
I put lemongrass in the cup and poured the steaming water into it. "Prrrrr...", the sound of the pouring water still causes me satisfaction. Sound of richness, of peace.
I sat with the cup of tea on the sofa.

All my actions did not at all awaken Reality and Dream from  their sleep. Fast asleep, sitting, infront of the table.
Could I watch such a display only in the middle of the night? It matters not. I took a sip from the sugarless tea.

During the army, while I was serving as a JobNick (soldier in a non combat job) and most of my childhood friends were combatants, we would gather in the room of one, and someone would prepare tea for all of us.
Someone would bring me the cup of tea and ask, "Sugar?".
Before I could reply, like choir, which rehearsed much, they would reply, "No Need! he is a Jobnick. His life is already Honey."
So the custom repeated itself, almost anytime we would meet.
The tea, the sugar and the life of honey.
I would hear many times how they speak of their dealings in machines' oil, oiling guns.

Reality, Dream and I. Any age, any stage.
I would laugh from their words, and continue drinking my tea, sugarless. Probably my life was honey, sweet.

Today I most likely believe, that apparently, one who smells his life like machines' oil, much are the chances he shall see honeycombs stacked on his neigbours' grass, while a fence, taller and wider then the "Separation Wall", prevents those combs from being stacked in his backyard.

and I? the neighbours and people I have met during my life, usually would invite me to taste their honeycombs.

I never knew how my life turned "Honey", or what I did so special to earn this. When I first encountered the term "Karma", I tended to attribute to it a lot of the honey in my life.

Today, honestly, I do not know.

As for the machines' oil, I also do not understand much. My recollection tells me that when I worked as a teenager in gardening or field crops, I liked very much handling the smelling machines' oil. I guess it was its influence of honey on my life.

In the name of Bear Baloo, from the Jungle Book, which taught me the jungle rules, nature rules - 
"Look for the bare necessities".
Today, while I am a 30 years old teenager, I discover that the bare necessities look for me.
I wait and the bare necessity comes as it is. 
Good. Bad.
As it is.
I guess my life is honey.

While I was occupied with a thought over my life,
the honey, and humbing in my head the song - 
"Look for the bare necessities",
I was curious for the difference in the Hebrew version.
In Hebrew it goes - 
"Look always for the Good".
A lightbulb lit in my head or like the song of Sabak Samech - 
"Jurika! I got it! you called me so I came
throw nonesense in the speed of automatic weapen..."

Langauge translation and their barrier. 
Long live the difference, as they say.

Already for a month I visit The Land (Israel), after 3 years living in Amsterdam, and I wonder on the character (emphasizing character) of the people here, and on the "going" right ahead towards life.
"Move your ass as they say! don't wait for life to come to you."
The difference between machines' oil and honey is stamped probably in the waiting for life's bare necesseties, the bear necessities, to come to me.

While seated on the sofa, sipping again from the tea, I realized that probably Reality and Dream are sitting and sleeping on a chair in my livingroom, since I waited for them to arrive and allowed them to enter in. Let myself be. I remained Me, but with less shell. More exposed.

How a transition from one language to another can be so confusing, difficult and challenging, I innocently wondered. 
Do I pay lip service? again, I do not know. Truthfully, never have I also tried to truly convince or be convinced.
I always like the words of Ariel Zilber - 
"Words Words and meaning, a wave shall come to wash them."

Another sip from the tea.
It is quiet here at home.
Outside? Machine oil smell?
A story of a cat who was ranover, and despite trying to help it, it is later put to sleep (death), and I could not salvage it? Honeycombs? Smell of Pines? Boredome in the morning meetings in the workshop? Humus Plate!
Makes sense to you?

I guess the story spreads along and across in its way and its words. 
I turned the light off. Reality and Dream did not awaken, not even for a brief moment, from my presence.
Reality, Dream and I.
I returned to bed, lying, awake, staring at the ceiling, content without a shadow... of a doubt.

