with Come the Clear Ones

17-Oct-2019 14:04
(Translated from Hebrew to English)

It is clear to you that there is 
an energy that comes from 
“where”
It is clear to you it streams to “somewhere”
It is clear to you it matters no more.

It is clear to you it 
changes the stream of energy.

The ideas pass and 
the thought-like electrical currents 
work relentlessly.
Like the dream midgets, 
fulfilling an unfulfilled goal.

They run like mice on the wheel 
to fill in all the wishes that 
no one has ever asked.

The movement streamed back then and The movement will stream after that.

To you it is all so clear and he has not yet surrendered to this reality.

And new Chaos as if creating something new, 
something that has not yet existed.

Yet all this existed before and 
will exist after.

Sit and observe, dear girl, 
all that is happening.

Anytime you can return to the desk and write a letter with all your wishes to your dear friend.

Sit and observe, dear girl, 
all that movement happening and how all the wishes you have not dared to ask are being fulfilled one by one, 
as you ceased from asking.

All the wishes are when: 
“Sit and Observe”, 
and you you are there.

You are permitted to sit in any possible posture. It might be that sitting will be returning home in good old age after crossing all the deserts and all the mountains.

Sit and return to your 
natural inhabitance
dear and special consciousness girl.

Inefficient actions lead to Chaos, and you are running dear consciousness girl, like that mouse in the maze searching for some what.

And he has guided you in the past, “Sit and Observe”, he said.
“That shall pass as well”, he told you.
“And if you care to, you can approach the desk, there lie the pen and the paper and you can write all your wishes and send the letter to your 
dear friend.”

One has to return and observe and see dear consciousness girl, 
how this Life
from Precious Gold is made.

Let go for a moment all that 
is happening, sit and observe.

Be present to all the movement which is happening around you.

God has created that once and the wheel keeps moving and turning with the help of all the midgets and the mice.

Return, Sit, 
in every place where you shall be.

The house from which you went on your journey is the house where you have always been. 
You have never left, 
and there was never a journey.
Return home, that same house, 
which you have never left.
Sit and Observe all that is happening.

Return to the childhood memory and see in an eyes wide open way the childlike future dreams as you 
close your eyes.

Vanity and ignorance, you have already known that and 
have not forgotten.
Vanity and ignorance, you have already remembered that, but 
the approach to the reservoir of knowledge is not with you.
The approach is given secretly, 
hence sit and observe.

Return to the source which is 
outside all those sounds and shapes, outside the circle.
Return to Home source. 
You have never left it.

Awaken from your sleep, 
Awaken from your dream.

“The time has come!”, says my mother.
“All is ready to receive…”

You have always been here and 
will always be here,
and the mice which are running in circle are only flickering on the screen which is futured to turn off with a press of 
a button on a remote control.

Thus it has been, Thus will be.
Sit and Observe, 
for you have never walked.

Never have you come from your Mother’s belly and never have you 
been educated by your Father.
Never has your mother breastfed you milk and caressed you.
Never has your father warned you 
of the dangers of the world outside.
Your father and mother are you, 
dear consciousness girl.

The Forgetfulness disease, 
The Blindness disease, 
The Awakening disease 
All cease from existing.

Return to your home. 
Sit and Observe.

There is no other possibility, 
never has there been any other possibility.

It was you all along the way.

Your friends awaited you.
Your family awaited you.
Your enemies awaited you.
All are you and they are nothing.

With the blow of wind which shall raise with it dust particles from the ground, the remaining particles on the ground shall not wonder about their separation
from those who were blown away come the wind.

This told me the friend wind.

Therefore Sit and Observe 
and return to where you have abided 
all the time, all the time, all the time.

At the end of the pendulum’s action you will awaken from your sleep.

I shall not be able to hand you 
the keyword nor shall I be able 
to tell you the time to awaken.

You have never been asleep and never has there been anything to awaken to.
You have never been asleep and never has there been anything to awaken for.


Sit and Observe.
Live and Die.
Sleep and Awaken.

Return to your Home 
Dear Consciousness Girl 
that you are.

